Cubans named Kathy, lol.  Scuba Diving. Cuba has all these great old cars because they haven't been able to import or export any from america for years. Happy Birthday Scuba and Shadow! true...and that's why democrats are un-American IMO. Al-gore with Al Jazeera, Obama cozying up to Iran and Cuba, allowing Mexicans to cross the border for vote with your hand out democrat votes.... yes..  they are the un-American party by far show me the cuban lights In line for a sandwich. Should I get a Cubano (ham and swiss) or a frenchie (roast beef onion and fontina)? You're making me hungry. Go for a Cubano You weren't far away in BP.  I did enjoy growing up in USC. 

Always loved My Lebanon, though (a little north on RT 19).  Strangely Mark Cuban is from there.   Almost getting tired of yelling "oh my god I love that cat!" Every time I see Scuba. Almost☺ Cuba via Canada, no? Life happened. I moved to Quebec in the 90s to go to university, fell in love, got a job, started a family. 

Dirt cheap beach vacations in Cuba are icing on the cake wit dat Canadian passport doe. Single malt and Cubans for sure.  &gt;If we steadfastly kill our worst elements, we'd end up better-off. 

I would like to nominate /u/welfarecuban  Ughhhh, I've fostered a bunch of cats this year, but they all pale in cuteness comparison to scuba and shadow. Where did you get Scuba? Where can I get a Snorkel? Wait so fucka is on the rise in FL but no other country?  Must be coming from Cuba.  I'd check all Cuban mail. No, just make oars that put the "hatchet" and the "blade" in "hatchet blade." All metal. All sharp. And get someone to scuba underneath other boats and hole them. Putangina ang traffic sa Cubao! 
 Just the fact that her name is Scuba makes me happy 8D
HAPPY BIRTHDAY YOU TWO &lt;3 Starring Ice Cube and Cuba Gooding Jr Up to 6, though #6 might be "special".

We're still hatching eggs on day 18 or 19 after being placed in the incubator. Incubation period! Yes. Scuba was the runt.  Wow thanks mavs you saved us from giving Rondo the max. Mark Cuban is the best gm in laker history free atm? i am leaving for vacation to cuba tonight. i'll be gone until the 8th of may. Yeah, I have a friend who is Cuban, and that's close enough New Port Richey checking in. ~26 years. Have not seen any of these yet, must not have spread our way.

Dealing with Bufo Toads and Cuban Tree Frogs atm. As well as the usual Cuban anoles. Scuba's face!! 😍😍😍 ##AURORA MORALES!!

##THE CUBAN LIGHTS!! CUBAN BREAKFAST ##CUBAN

###BREAKFAST just in time to watch El Cuba Libre go HAM on that ball.  Where all chilly Cubans come from: Canada. Cuban breakfast! SCUBA@@@@@@@@@@@@@ how do you get any work done around the house I see Ron Swanson in Scuba.  "Artificially maintained tourist section of Cuba" Fixed that for you. I was pleased with the [coffee break sampler](http://www.topcubans.com/cuban-cigars/sample.php?idcateitem=1455) from topcubans, though being newer to cigars means I don't have a ton to compare it to.  Have you listened to *AfroCuban* by Kenny Dorham? Communism is not Socialism. 

Marxism-Leninism is not Marxism. 

Cuban Communism is not Marxism-Leninism. 

Chinese Communism is not Cuban Communism. 

Is it really that hard to realize politics aren't a this-or-that game? I thought it was Mark Cuban Damn, the taxis in Cuba are cooler than any car I have owned.  I'm sure there's going to be a couple of the hold music songs in here, sorry. April Sun in Cuba is an almost certainty I think it's Baptista.  Bautista is not a common Cuban (or Puerto Rican) name.  curly tails, ignore 'em.

anoles, play with them.

cuban knight anoles, kill them.

iguanas, gawk at them and take pictures.

monitor lizards? call animal control and stay the fuck away from it.

^(alligator? eat 'em.) A 3 peso bill from Cuba. It was given to me by the girl I like so I could hold onto it, so she wouldn't lose it at a party. I tried to give it back to her the next day and she made me promise to keep it forever.  Alright I'll give it a shot, the 2nd half was better, more flavor, I picked this because I've never had a non cuban Montecristo before.  I am at a local cigar lounge that I have been going to since I started smoking and they had golf on.  Cuban &amp;  Dan Bilzerian. I have read nothing supporting the killing of Cuban Knight Anoles, why would you suggest that? Noooooooo, cubay's comment was the joke :P  Not legally. The embargo hasn't been lifted. There's been some relaxing, but only if you go to Cuba and buy stuff there, and then only a small amount. That mac sounds awesome! I haven't given up on the beans. I make a great Cuban style black beans. So making beans doesn't really excite me. Thanks.  Wow, seriously? 20 min not soaked? That's ludicrous haha. My not soaked Cuban black bean recipe takes 3 hours on the stove Mark Cuban, not Mark Brazilian. Haha who gives a shit about updating if it works it works!  Sometimes updating to something your not familiar not even worth  all the "perks"  the new version has.  This is very true with Cubase nuendo and sound Forge  Chad would've given Cuban the bird. #RFFL Every time I see Scuba, I yell, "Scubaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!" in a silly voice.  I was completely stone faced while watching this ....until "And Mark Cuban"....got me to grin like a fucking idiot. I think trade got thrown out the window once JFK decided to invade Cuba. Happy birthday  Shadow and Scuba. Here's to many m as NY more happy years I hear the food in Cuba is to die for. No. The embargo has not been lifted, and it is only legal to bring back $100 worth of Cuban Cigars DIRECTLY from Cuba, IF you have proper permission to go there. Thank you for not keeping it "cuba". (by finally posting the link) Mark Cuban as Executive Producer (No, seriously, if you didn't know, he's an executive producer of a bunch of movies/documentaries. IMDB it.) Hmm seems like you were in Varadaro or Habana..... Here is the real Cuba.. 2 weeks ago.. 3rd world, people have nothing but I've never seen a Cuban that wasn't smiling.

http://imgur.com/a/XSsHz

 But did Gali's mask do the scuba thing Scuba and Lil' Bub need to hang out. It would be great. [The Devil's Tomb](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1147687/) with Cuba Gooding Jr.? There's a few different types. From the left, Limnophila aromatica, Mayaca fluviatilis, Rotala rotundifolia, and Ludwigia sp. Cuba. I am the cuban missile crisis speech. Why isn't it Scuba and Snorkel? You missed a great opportunity here. They're cute though.  We have a YouTube channel that we are slowly growing. Look up "Scuba The Cat" and we have 9 short videos up. And will be posting many more. :3 Why Junk? A well respected Scuba book - so why junk? I read about this a few years ago.  Cubans are incredibly resourceful, and have invented a lot of different ways to fix old cars, and keep them going.  Plus, all of their produce is organic, definitely a bonus. Happy birthday Scuba and Shadow! As a fellow cat lover, I just started following them on Instagram, so cute! :)  Scuba looks like he loves marshmallows. Well get a Windows Pc, steal cubase, have fun. You basically have to read and experiment. At first at least I struggled with song structure, making good sounds or sound engineering and mixing.  Yay happy birthday to shadow and scuba! love those kitties :)
 I would love to see him and Cuban somehow compete for something. It wouldn't have to be basketball, I would just like to see them go head to head.  the part about armed nuclear missiles in Cuba: this is all based on some statements by Castro decades later, yes? So what is the pt, really? These are self serving statements made to seem he was full of bravado is there any real documentation of this?  &gt; Cruz is Cuban American. They see themselves at the top of the Hispanic hierarchy.

So since he's Cuban Canadian he must actually be above the top.

 He let's not assume shit...maybe it's Cuban baby clothes. So I'll get to scuba in and halo out after shooting people in the back of the face? Sweet, where do I sign? A BABY SCUBA OMG GIVE ME TEH KITTIES1!1!!1!!!1!!1


Edit: why? :( I was serious. I want a baby scuba :( But O'Shea's allowed to say "my bahhhs (bars) go deep like a SCUBA diving sheep?" A big part of the ending was the wording. She wanted to do it herself to avoid the incubators fucking it up with some bizarre loophole. I just hope they have Mark Normand and Sherrod in at the same time to hash things out. Opie might have to go scuba style. OH MY GOD, THERE'S TWO?!?!?!?!  no fair, you gets two and I gets none, give me Scuba its only fair. &gt; Dragon's Den

well technically Mark Cuban is only on Shark Tank so... 3rd times a charm! Ask her to incubate your seed.  I don't have the stats available, but I can tell you this: Cubans, Puerto Ricans and Mexicans do not tolerate nigger shit.  And I'm sure that applies to most Central and South Americans.

We are allies.   (looking at you Brazil  &lt; . &lt; ) Is this Scuba?? http://i.imgur.com/w5oiOJX.jpg &gt;people have nothing but I've never seen a Cuban that wasn't smiling.

I've been to cuba. They have everything they need and none of the status symbols they don't need. You mean I can get Instagram Scuba updates?! USA "declared war" during the Cuban missile crisis by blockading Cuba, but USSR sensibly ignored it. Exactly. "Wait till we fuck your mouth with our amazing world bank."  If I was Cuba I would tell U.S. Corp to 'fuck off' and start waving in Russian subs again. https://instagram.com/shadow_scuba/ Of course, Konan is Cuban, so there's that. And guess what, once Cuba opens up, they will be the ones with $$$, taking over the country. At first I was like "damn Castro? This guy really doesn't like Bernie Sanders" but then it hit me that you're probably talking about Julian Castro, not Cuban Castro. ^ Agree with this. Gordo's is an insult to Cuban food. Kubano is a Cuban sandwich truck that comes much closer to authentic.  Also, very close to campus. Scuba looks like he/she is filled with the naive optimism of what life can bring, whereas Shadow looks like he/she would murder you in your sleep. 

Contrast.  We will empower the Cubans soon. Omg Scuba is an adorable little derp. We love you Scuba! Scuba is awesome. Is Scuba a special kind of cat or just a moggy? My GF wants one! All hail scuba! It's true, Cubans can jury rig like there's no tomorrow Organized Criminals?  Batista didn't have every old Cuban in Miami in his pocket.  Granted, he was a mafioso, but he's certainly better than Castro Read as 'Scuba Steve' You can get these in any scuba supplies store. These cars are everywhere in Cuba, not just in Tourist Havana. All hail scuba! I had a business selling scuba equipment. It's underwater now. Cubaan, bro Man I love this subreddit for all the cool shipwreck and underwater pictures and would to go scuba diving to many of them, but whoa this made me very uneasy! "Yes my child, incubate within, hear my meows and embrace the glory that is your birthright.  Know that I am the Over-Cat the eternal will of the Feline, and that you have been created to serve me." Cuba is 2nd world. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_assured_destruction

For proof that this actually works, look up the 1962 Cuba crisis. Yeah chuck a scuba mask on and get on with it Fancy phones are making their way into Cuba. I saw a few people with new Samsung and Sony phones. How about Peru then? 
Alas, I am completely disinterested in football so I didn't catch to much about the world cup. You are correct about Venezuela and Cuba though.  While it does look poor, it doesn't seem that bad. It's certainly not like the propaganda I was told about Cuba as a child. The best thing about Cuba is how they've kept the same cars on the road since the 1950s. We've all bought half a dozen cars while they just repair the old reliable ones that weren't built to self destruct. Yes, it is. Cubans are known to be very good making things they don't have from what they do have. I remember seeing a few pictures a while back of some pretty ingenious MacGyver-like creations like a bicycle that ran on the motor from a ceiling fan. blockading Cuba and blockading Russia and its baltic fleet are two different things yaknow?
Oh and and you're mistaking the erdogans turkey with the US. So what was Cuba like?

I've always wanted to visit. All those awesome classic cars.
 The carrier arrives faster than expected, with little to no problems. The crew members and Cuban Navy officials moral is at an all time high! The First Carrier Division thanks the Cuban government for the welcome. The Zuikaku will be escorted by the *IJN Atago* and the *IJN Kongou* Yeah, it's us who is doing the "blantant act of aggression". We are holding the peace and stoping Cuba from invading Costa Rica. &gt;lack capitalism 

Implying something of value was lost...

But seriously Cuba has a better infant mortality rate than the US, higher literacy, happier population etc.

Pretty good for "lacking" a certain economic system... It cycles in and out of availability in my province. Sometimes going years without being available. I initially found bottles in Cuba of all places.  When the Americans open the borders to Cuba, have the Cubans work menial jobs with no pay, benefits or future, and they've taken all those vintage cars off of Cubans for absurd money, you'll see them stop smiling in a hell of a hurry.

Very soon now. Actually, apart from spearfishing I have now been told :( It's national park here so unfortunately its not allowed. We can snorkel, freedive, scuba, standup paddleboard, wakeboard and cliff jump all day though! To be fair, that's kind of the attitude we had to Cuba for years and years and years... until suddenly, we didn't. Scuba deserves a sausage. Cuba was not third world. The term third world country comes from the Cold War. U.S. Back countries were first world. Russia backed countries were second world. Countries neither side showed an interest in were third world. Cuba was second world.  Yes, the mighty Scuba https://instagram.com/shadow_scuba/ For now, the ship and her escorts are needed in Cuba. Once they are no longer needed, they will be able to visit wherever the Empire of Japan wants. its harder than you think :/ 

I've been applying to many places with two internships, SCUBA cert, and private aquarist experience under my belt and still nothing I suggest posting on Scubaboard in the Blue Heron Bridge forum.  You will get lots of good information about how and when to dive it, what you can expect to see, and maybe even someone who will go with you to show you around.   SCUBA!!!!!!!!!  Scuba!! You have no idea, as a Cuban I can confirm that those cars are very unsafe, and most of them are working with invented mechanisms and others cars parts. Happy bday Scuba and Shadow!!!  Is that Scuba's sibling? Dat pharmacy tho. I was there 2 weeks ago and the situation is terrible. But we are always smiling. I am Cuban, but I live in US. We condemn the Cuban for this illegal military based landgrab.we call on nations the world over to enact sanctions and condemn your actions. How come this gets approved? Would Costa Rica really accept being annexed by Cuba? Would NK question why their Cuban ally annexed something? Yeah, there's clearly no difference between the Cuba and North Korea. No massive starvations and essentially genocide of a people.  There are a number of political refugees that have fled to cuba. Are Cuban's not all their hyped up to be? Or do I just like other stuff better? To be fair, Scuba is a pretty distinct looking cat. It is interesting that these cats are becoming celebrities though. It's like ancient Egypt all over again.  http://www.reddit.com/r/worldpowers/comments/34dxow/expansion_cuba_sends_delegates_and_troops_to/ In my best Charlie Brown voice: "I incubated a rock."
 They are just another origin for tobacco. Like Nicaraguan, Dominican, etc. Everyone has their own tastes, and you are entitled to yours. But to a lot of people (myself included) some of my favorites are cubans. So I think it's just a personal thing. &gt; have the Cubans work menial jobs with no pay, benefits or future

This will not happen so long as the communist government is in power. Read Raul's press statements. You never saw a Cuban that wasn't smiling? This album has a ton of people that aren't smiling. I really do like some of the Cubans I got over there, but I also like much cheaper stuff. It seems silly for me to splash out for something extra when I could be happy with something from Drew Estate. Piling on here, you smoke what you like, and not all cubans taste the same by far (just like NC and DC cigars don't all taste the same) Scuba looks like Jodie Foster. Scuba Stareoff I think he is right to begin normalizing relations with Cuba. PAYWALL. Let me guess,they counted Cubans? Nah, nobody would be daft enough to present something like that as proof. Now that you think about it, how many famous cats can the average redditor identify? I can think of Maru, Tard, and Scuba off the top of my head.  Scuba is quite popular on /r/aww, hence knowing her by name. She is owned by /u/Sammixxlove, and usually has a new pic up every week or two. All 12 categories are extremely vague which is why almost anyone can justify their trip to Cuba.  They did not question my justification.  Only what I brought back.  Just wait till Obama gives our capitalists first dibs down there for new business. You Cubans will learn capitalism first hand.  Has anyone ever actually said that to you? I'm pretty sure that 99% of us know the difference between spain and mexico, as well as cuba, puerto rico, D.R. and many other spanish speaking countries. [Cubaing](http://www.bustedinacadiana.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/Cuba-Gooding-Jr-323x475.jpg) [Not to mention the revolution FPS game the Cubans made lmao](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8vddwiKnKm4) Yet Cubans live longer than Americans. This is still happening in Cuba. Except people risk the lives in 90 miles of rough ocean waters on poorly constructed rafts. many never make it to land. communism is horrible.   If she isn't interested, I might be. I'm in FL so saving on shipping this time would be a welcome change, and I have access to delicious Cuban Candies that you can't really find elsewhere. Maybe the artist was Cuban? https://instagram.com/p/1vKWg-F8D6/?taken-by=shadow_scuba

She looks mildly retarded in this picture and I love it. It's like Cuba today.  cuba libre Cuban, Mexican, so what? He's one of those people that don't speak our American language and take away our jobs. This is why I carry a gun. @Shadow_scuba on instagram if anyone is interested in seeing more scuba and his sibling shadow! Scuba - thats one furry looking feline. I want to give her a birthday cuddle. When we figure out artificial wombs we can send a ship with just a handful of overseer humans (or just an AI?), the rest will be frozen eggs and sperm to be incubated after landing. I'd like to do some incubating.  How dare you talk about Mark Cuban that way You do realize that hispanic people can also be white, don't you? Example: most Cubans are white. Government survey questions now often allow you to identify as hispanic or non-hispanic, independently of your skin color. You mean like sensible giving cubans nuclear missiles? I was born in cuba and lived there 16 years of my life. You have no idea what your talking about despite what you may have seen in a few days period.  Yes! That's Scuba. Haha the people that downvoted this didn't know that you made an Mark Cuban reference so I gave you an upvote. I love that everything is so vibrant and colourful, and those streets look incredibly clean for "third world".  Looks more developed than parts of Belize I visited.  I might want to brush up on my Spanish and make a trip to Cuba... cuba1701 Level 51, play daily (hourly), just cleared a bunch of inactives. 

EDIT: all full now, thanks for the interest! Cuba's idea was to force US to not invade them. And it worked. Haha I love scuba the cat.  they call him [Cuban Pete](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GJej6kCgxVM)! See, you guys make fun of us for Imperialism but look what it got us!!!

USVI, Puerto Rico, Hawaii

You guys can visit Cuba though Every time I see a Scuba picture, I try to find Shadow. He doesn't seem to like the spotlight as much. Literally. If Cuban refugees make it to the shore, you're now an American. 

If you can travel 100 miles by boat for Murica. I say you get Murica freedom. Various sources, just google Cuba Average Salary.  
Of course they don't have to pay rent etc since everything is supplied by the government. My grandpa flew from the GDR from a cruise to Cuba when he jumped from the ship near Key West. People were desperate. Being a sperm donor (i.e. the father) is different from the surrogate, which makes you an incubator, but not the mother. ever heard of North Korea..? Cuba..? But then I would have to get a passport AND scuba lessons. And the waters around Venice are so muddy. It really isn't worth that. Scuba is on /r/aww pretty frequently  It's Scuba!! [Dulingo Hebrew](http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/he/en/status) Have you tried dragging the egg to the fluffy nest thing on the left side of the screen? Then the incubate button should show up. Cuba? Yes...this needs to happen. And then you can have a crossover video where Maru+Hanna meet Scuba+Shadow!  You removed a dictator. Removing a dictator just to set up your own flag is not justice. Unless you plan on setting Costa Rica up with a *Costa Rican* government, not a puppet of Cuba, sanctions are the only reasonable option.  Where's your proof? Don't say China/USSR/Cuba because they aren't communist but state-capitalist. It really seems like your criticizing the wrong ideology. OD: SPH -1.00  CYL -0.50  AXIS 005
OS: SPH -1.25  CYL -0.25  AXIS 013

Hope this helps.

¡Espero que disfrutes de Cuba! I so wanna visit Cuba. It looks like such a beautiful country. If Castro was bluffing? There is any proof that Cuba had active nuclear missiles at that time?? Please don't take UK example to describe Europe. it's like taking Cuba  to draw a trend for North America

 Even easier for Americans right now because airbnb is allowed to operate in Cuba but is not allowed to host Canadians. Weird time to be alive.  You discover the secret jail in cuba Oh Glorious Spanish Empire.Now all i need is a mod for Napoleon or Shogun 2 about american-spanish war of 1898 in Cuba. That frog MIGHT be a Cuban Tree Frog.

http://ufwildlife.ifas.ufl.edu/cuban_treefrog_inFL.shtml I always upvote Scuba. It is a Spanish liqeur. I first had it in a Cuban/Spanish bar near where I used to live. &gt; totalitarian

So a revolutionary figure that wanted to overthrow the Cuban government was a totalitarian? I don't think you understand any of this.  It likely won't be like that for long in Cuba if this embargo is lifted... The economic conditions in Cuba have much more to do with the embargo and less to do with their style of government... Especially because they've made some significant reforms. And that man is Mark Cuban. That's Scuba. I think this picture is the most reposted and circulated one. I can see why 😂 Gotta love my baby. Recently had my first Oscuro stick, a La Herencia Cubana CORE.  More body than strength for the majority of it, the buzz definitely ramped up significantly towards the end.   Cuba maybe? I went from Canada. Lovely place, and not too bad cost wise.  Estimates vary, but during his stint as head of a Cuban prison, Che had between 200 and 400 people killed. Most of them were "enemies of the state," and some of them doubtlessly were, but this is still a high number.  ~Signed Fidelito Castro, el Presidente de Cuba Added. Username: Supacubano. Ill have to learn this app. first person to swim from cuba to usa was a 64yo woman afaik SCUBA!!! Cuban missile crisis, the Russian commander refusing to launch nuclear missles among others A wild scuba appears  Cuba and NK basically. Since there's a picture of him on the front page right now, Scuba.  No because they are not Airborne or Air Assault qualified. What about Ranger, Path Finder, Sapper or hell even Scuba school?  Happy birthday to Scuba and Shadow!  Cuba Lime Monster, Coffee, RootBeer and or sugar cane Coke. I love you Scuba. I wonder if there would be a market for imported Cuban hand made 1950's style auto bodies. When the Army has extra spots in jump and scuba school they fill those spots with Marines who are looking to get qualified under those disciplines. 

Marine Infantry has specialized platoons for the same stuff the Army has.  *the magic of scuba &gt; was only doing quarter miles in the pool by the time he died at 92

At 1/3 his age I couldn't swim a quarter mile with scuba flippers on. Your grandfather was a bad ass old man. That's [Scuba.](https://instagram.com/shadow_scuba/) The UK says that they want to bring justice, freedom, and democracy to countries,  but when Cuba stabilizes Costa Rico from a corrupt government who does absolutely nothing for its people the UK criticized them and threatened war. it literally worked in china and the USSR. also, cuba. what the fuck are you doing here? &gt;Whaaa? I'm not so concerned with socialism.

And that's why NK, Cuba, Venezuela keep happening We haven't threatened war. We are outraged because Cuba, which is currently priding itself on being newly out of Communism and democratic, is invading nations and not holding a referendum to see if the people truly want them there. Cuban rock iguana Pretty sure it isn't. The fact that Cuba tried to annex Grenada just 1 year ago, and now has annexed Costa Rica has alerted me that Cuba is wishing to expand. I then send my Navy to protect my islands. It's not META gaming, its just common sense. Yeah, I'd say [Cuban Tree Frog](http://www.wec.ufl.edu/extension/wildlife_info/frogstoads/osteopilus_septentrionalis.php) as well. I was born in Chicago, but live in Miami, both of my Parents are Cuban, one from Pinar and the other from Oriente.  Same deal, one deal was a lower income worker, the other a land owner, both fled. We will not move for war unless ourselves or Cuba are directly attacked. We wouldn't want the almighty United Kingdom to think we "love causing chaos". 

"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves" Remember? Have incubator 2 medium. A hive mind and 3 festers. Then you play "let's see if they run cyberdex" game  Opinion on Cuba I enjoy park grounds' espresso- I get the cubano which is sweetened. So good! *running down to Cuba with a lot of suger !* Is that Marc Cuban in the third pic? &gt;having a dictatorship

You really don't know much about Cuba.
 Yes, the invasive cuban variety is white and larger than the native tree frogs.  Help support the native froggies... put orajel on it's head, put it in a ziploc bag and put that in the freezer for a few days.   When ever I was driving back and forward from my girl friend's place, I'd get myself a few Cubans, a fine Glen and drive the 8 hours listening to classic  rock.

Helps to have a car worthy of the finer things in life. I have never seen them used in Hawaii or California (only places I have experience) think it is because the notched shaft scuba guys prefer over line because it can't get cut? Flamboyant cuttlefish eggs are MUCH harder to raise. I work with cuttlefish and have done all sorts of egg "incubation" and raising hatchlings. We currently have about 150 flamboyant eggs and about 20 hatchlings. It is fun, but hard work! I'm a big proponent of the Lincoln Plan: Invade Cuba and establish a penal colony.


But I like your idea too... I'm Cuban too so I guess that explains it! Also it's mostly milk and a teaspoon of sugar. I have my A+ stuff and Cubans in one tupperdor, A stuff in another, and A- and below in a third. Brand, vitola, don't matter.  Even Obama's famed smoke shield? http://www.suzcorner.com/Talk/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/Cuban-Obama.jpg I loved his emotions during game 6. A passionate guy who loves his team. We needed another Mark Cuban in this league. I just saw this Halfwheel article linked on Facebook:

http://halfwheel.com/cuban-stock-cigars-creates-limited-edition-for-reddits-rcigars-group/ This thread is full of clumsy ID speculation. It's a treefrog, not a toad, definitely not a cane toad, likely a cuban treefrog. /r/frogs or /r/reptiles will confirm.

Edit: How could I forget /r/herpetology Looks like I'm in luck - just got USPS email and my card has been charged!  Good luck to you, and thanks /u/Cuban_Stock_Cigars! If FL is America's penis the keys are the piss being shot at cuba. Ha, I wasn't either, I was just half-jokingly hazarding a guess based on flair, but I did kind of figure he wasn't the answer.  Who is btw?  Cuban? Can't recommend that warlock helm, it's that old-school scuba gear look I can't stand.  The US launches multiple nukes at Russia. 

Edit: the Cuban missile crisis  Is this group of people responsive to the people they're supposed to represent? Will they disband once FULLCOMMUNISM is achieved? Looking at the USSR, Cuba, and Mao's China doesn't give me much hope. yeah i know what you mean. its pretty scary when youre scuba diving out by a reef and suddenly theres a dropoff that looks like [this](http://www.livingoceansfoundation.org/assets/2011/08/IMG_0338.jpg) where it just becomes a cliff and gets really dark HELL NO IT ISN'T!! I HAVE NEEDS!! I HAVE DESIRES!! 

I WANT AS I SMOKE A CUBAN CIGAR!! 

DIVE INTO A POOL OF POPCORN SHRIMP!! 

AND PAY TOWNIES TO FIGHT FOR MY AMUSEMENT!!

I HAVE SIMPLE NEEDS!! 

DON'T I DESERVE HAPPINESS!?? WHERE'S MY MAN!!? This is a Cuban Tree Frog. Please kill by freezing and dispose of. This is an invasive species.  Large tacky neon sunglasses and a nice fat Cuban cock up your ass. He should definitely have scuba gear... and maybe a harpoon gun for the pesky divers that just won't die. Agents arrive in Cuba with the cover intact. They fit into their rolls with perfection, womanizing and being general smooth talking douche bags. They even brought their Aston Martins with them. Where was it posted about Leo? As long as he hasn't competed for Cuba in the last two years there shouldn't be any issue with him qualifying so long as he's an American citizen. &gt; Literally. If Cuban refugees make it to the shore, you're now an American.

Since I was interested in this, it's apparently called the [Wet feet, dry feet policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_feet,_dry_feet_policy). Definitely in my top 10. I love that movie. Another good hitman style movie..Shadowboxer...with Cuba Gooden Jr...check it out!!! I thought it was pretty dope. Was nowhere near Cuban Linx 1 &amp; 2, but that isn't surprising at all.

Solid effort. He basically just spends the entire album telling you how hard he balls, and I'm okay with that. /u/A_Wild_Ferrothorn YOU NOOB STARBUCK ISLAND RIGHTFULLY CUBAN! DRC RIGHTFULLY CUBAN! REMOVE AFRICAN WATERKINGS! In college, I had a fish named Scuba Steve.  /u/Echo_India YOU WORST SWEDEN! NIPPON &gt;&gt;&gt; AF THEREFORE CUBA &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; SWEDEN Scuba intensifies.  Montana de oro. I free dive there a lot but its known as a good scuba spot as long as the conditions ate right which is kinda rare. Specifically Spooner's cove. Do you have a boat or are you charging from shore?
  Let's not forget Cuba too. [We can post this ad naseum though.](http://i.cbc.ca/1.3031398.1428966455!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/prime-minister-stephen-harper-meets-cuban-president-raul-castro.jpg)  Agree otherwise though. Cuba or Belize are both great options. Not exactly odd, it was well known that Batista allowed the American Mob to operate on Cuban soil. Most Cubans are republicans. Two main front runners having Cuban ancestry is the air in the tanks nitrogen enriched above normal atmosphere or is that a bi-product of the scuba system? I just hear people say they are filling the tanks with air but its obviously not pure oxygen. They didn't fight UNITA. They backed UNITA against the MPLA and also fought SWAPO.

UNITA was aided by South Africa, China, and the U.S.A. MPLA by the USSR and Cuba. The Indian chicken salad sandwich or the Cuban. I haven't had anything I didn't like, though, and I've been a few times. If you feel like a splurge, sub for the truffle fries. So good.  Yeah because the high literacy rate and the social services in Cuba are a slap into any freedom-loving man.

 [...](http://www.midwestsportsfans.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/mark-cuban.gif) [Needs some Winston cigars to make it perfect.](http://store.dutyfreecubancigars.com/merchant2/graphics/00000001/H%20Upmann-Sir-Winston-cuban-cigars.jpg)  So tempting! But I justed paid for 2 boxes from a friend going to Cuba, so sadly I have to pass. As someone behind the times, where can you order these? I checked the cuban stock store real quick and didn't find them right quick. 

I understand it's limited and there is a waiting list. I've only been to Miami a few times but never noticed too many white Hispanics there. My home, Tampa, has a lot of Puerto Ricans and Cubans but none of them look anything like the "white" Spanish in Europe.  **For Yoss**

How difficult was it to get SFF books in Cuba during the embargo?

Do you think that the relative cultural isolation of Cuba during this period has helped to give Cuban literature a unique voice?

Who are your influences in the SFF field? By the way, this is the Cuba Streetnet design. I don't smoke cigars but I'm a big fan of the food at Gusto Cuban Café in Ralston, they've got a decent patio you can smoke cigars on after grub time but it's not as nice as Havana Garage (it's primarily a restaurant) California has ships there as well but they will not be leaving as they are a part of our deal with Cuba. UK has a right to be there as well with territories there.  By line, what I got:

1. To/Para Gill

2. With/Con  Affection/Cariño(?) from/de la ? ?

3. ?

4. Always / Siempre (?)

5. La Habana Cuba

6. ? Happy Birthday Scuba! Hialeah reminds me of Santa Ana, CA except it have Cubans instead of Mexicans. Whenever the "Cubans only get paid 3 peanut husks a day!" cries come out, people always forget how much of daily Cuban life is subsidized by the government.

 Was expecting a scuba suit Definitely a Cuban Treefrog ((Osteopilus septentrionalis) i wanna see cuban lights Desayuno Cubano!!!!! ###Another RBI for Cuban Breakfast! Cuban Breakfast! CUBA MOTHERFUCKIN' LIBRE!!!! All praise Cuban Breakfast.  That was the 90s... Cubans are now allowed to leave any time they want..  There was a post about two weeks ago, which /u/BrotherScubaSteve commented on which inspired me to get it.

I've been reading this forum for quite a long time and appreciate all of the conversations from the brothers.  You should go there and then stand behind that statement. There are parts of Cuba that fit exactly with what you described. Scuba, sky, and pussy diver President Obama recently started the process of removing Cuba from the list (there's a review period and Congress could decide to block it).

But Cuba has a long history of supporting terrorist groups in South American and else where. Yes, when lots of people agree on something that must make it correct. Like the holocaust or the plan to kill American citizens to go to war with Cuba. These were surely good ideas because lots thought they were. Dumbass.  Cuban Americans. Context yo show me those cuban lights! Desayuno Cubano!!!!! [How the Cuban Burrito is making me feel right now...](http://media.giphy.com/media/rtCcE4eBqDU3u/giphy.gif) That doesn't make his policies good. Have you seen how well socialism has worked out for Russia, Vietnam, Cuba, et al?

Being honest is great, but socialism is not.  It's funny that you mention she might be Havanese because we're from Miami and I adopted her from a Cuban neighbor... Minus Greenland, some of Central America, Newfoundland, the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, the Caribbean and Cuba. "You're having a girl, aren't you? I can always tell. Girls steal your beauty." -Relative who was subsequently disowned

edit: For those asking, I had a boy. I just looked like crap because I was PREGNANT, and human incubator was not a good look for me. Poop cramping really do is like labor. Seriously I ate something bad in Cuba and it felt pretty much like labor. This is more suitable for /r/diving, or /r/scuba We're based in an incubator so we're surrounded by loads of other startups, we're all one big happy family that take the piss out of each other I dont think anyone was making that point. The US has plans for false flag operations, in the past it was fake terrorist attacks which would then be blamed on the Cubans to justify invasion.  The Union of South Africa urges Cuba to execute these terrorists in the name of Cuban security and worldwide freedom.  The situation in Cuba is bad. Communism must be stopped now. Clamping down on bandits like the Castro brothers and making people's lives better must happen. I can see Cuban throwing money at him out of spite. Other than that he doesn't fit rebuilding teams and contending ones don't have cap space to gamble on him. 

Anyone now the max we can offer him? Do you have examples of terrorist acts sponsored by Cuba? 

[Asking seriously, I can't recall ever hearing of specific instances of Cuban-sponsored terrorism] I don't know about Cuban, but there's a Puerto Rican restaurant on Linden between Woodman and Smithville.  You become public property. Unless dad is around, then all questions are directed at him and you are nothing but an incubator. Wow, such analysis of Cuban production!

The word you are looking for is "subsistence" by the way. A few years ago, I was the Scuba Club President and we had a GoPro at the time. If you ask the current president nicely he will pry let you barrow it!  A lot of Cubans and Haitians. Very far from central America. I've never heard the "put gays in camps" part before, is there anything behind that? I'm not terribly knowledgeable on post-revolution Cuba. This was the quote that lead me to the one by Mark Cuban. Don't worry about that - it's just one of them scuba-hackers. We always see them on maps for IPS as well. Lots of computing goes on in the middle of the Indian Ocean too! I would love to jump into that with scuba gear and a rope attached to me.  Cuba Gooding Junior is such a great talent. 

Oscar-winning actor. 

Grammy-winning singer. 

Good-looking bald man.  For the record, this song isn't even a song, it's actually me playing my bass up high, I was trying to show my friend cubase can get good tones.  So I wasn't exactly going for musical complexity It's the show's version of [broadcast.com](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcast.com), which was lead and sold by Mark Cuban for billions right before the dotcom crash. Cuban gave Mitch that vote for not trading for Rondo. The whole country can't have Cuban parents.  At Camp in Montauk Point, Long Island, New York where the Rough Riders spent time in quarantine after returning from Cuba. ... $20 says she preys on innocent Valley Virgins who believe in love and want to feel intimate more badly than they want to leave their incubators.

Sorry. Bad college experiences with the likes of her. Sorry for being a dick, I thought you were being an argumentative dbag.  So you're saying that the streets of Cuba are not as clean as portrayed in these photos?  I'd love to go.  Sometimes it seems nothing is as it seems Gotta scuba up a scallop and you'll meet him! Cigars. I do not care if they're some fine Cuban whatever. They smell like shit no matter where they came from. Yah, man. Some need incubation time more than others. When I was born, I was already in high school. According to the University of Florida Department of Wildlife, the Benzocaine knocks it out. "After you apply the benzocaine, the Cuban Treefrog will quickly become unconscious." In other photos of Cuba I've seen, I thought the colors were quite striking and the most appealing part of the images. The old cars and such had odd colors you don't see now, either from fading or because of style changes.  Well you're being racist too, because Tony Montana was Cuban. Red Rose is the name she goes by. Instagram @redroselacubana  She post a lot of videos like that one.  I think it's a northern gray tree frog.  IME, the cuban tree frogs are very smooth- skinned. Oh wow, I had no idea that it was directly based on Cuban. 

I wonder what his response to all this was.  Bottom of cuba yo! Should be going down about now too! [](/tentenwouldincubate) Answer is both. i didn't knew they existed where i was doing scuba,  while I was looking at some other fish, I caught few glimpses of it. After that i went searching for it and found its nest and entire family.  [Night market opening hours](http://www.wellingtonnightmarket.co.nz/opening-hours/)

Every Friday from 5pm, Left Bank (116 Cuba St)  
Every Saturday from 5pm, Lower Cuba St (the bit between Manners St and Wakefield St). Pac would deliver some dope bars from Cuba Paging other member countries:  
/u/minihawking, /u/NikolaiLePoisson, /u/theoddcuban I really enjoyed a Montenegro I smoked once. It was my brand, but I can't find them in college station. I'll be toking on a Cuban, can't remember the brand and I took the label off tomorrow [CUBAN B](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BChMEKf300Q) &gt;People treat you like you are just an incubator and no longer a person.

Yeah the whole idea that people can just comment on your diet and very personal things is just absurd. Like wtf? Cuba night market is a kind of picnic?  Potluck would be neat but where? "I wonder what my family is doing in another time zone as I scuba without them"- Peter pondered as he bobbed in the current of the shallow reef.  Cubans in tourism make on average a $100 a day in tips. It's the best job you can have there.  How is this a fact? Please cite a source if you're going to say something like that, because as far as I've heard all those executed were collaborators in Batista's violent Regime and definitely committed atrocities towards the people of Cuba. Perhaps?

Japanese shop in Cuba Mall

Yan's on Hopper St Man boykotter handel med andre lande også. Rusland, Cuba og Iran, for eksempel. If you want a clear-transparent water but with an hour drive, google "blue lagoon", it is in Huntsville. Overnight camping allowed. Non-scuba diving swimmers might have more limited entry hours.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNMDFbttVME Tons of people have had to do it while scuba diving. Could be worse  Because the US navy had to sink so many ships to turn them back from Cuba. Yup, seen that at the shelter I volunteer at.  There were a couple of kitties, no more than a few days old, both huddled up in the incubator.  Neither of them made it :( The actions of Castro and his men are taken in an effort to overthrow the abysmal Regime of the Reactionary Batista. Castro is a revolutionary fighting for the Workers of Cuba and their freedom, and is hardly a "Bandit" as the Philippines would suggest. [So you're telling me being an /r/pics mod is like being a poo poo scuba diver?](http://www.vice.com/read/professional-poo-diver) Vi boykotter hverken Cuba eller Rusland. Boykotningen af Iran er under FN mandat.  NYT has abandoned ethics long ago. Read up on how they were involved in the overthrow of Cuba. &gt; Cuban refugees

Yes, context.

_

And also, the republican party line on immigration is well known. Next Airbnb location for 2 months, Cuba! Yup, det var naboboden og bag dem var der en forening for Cuba :)

Jeg var havnet i et rødt knudepunkt :) Mark Cuban was put through a table!  Woo for Ableton or Cubase! Bollocks! Everyone knows that foreign aid is only a threat when it comes from Cuba, Russia or China.


/s Shopwise in Cubao. :)

Edited for spelling: Shopise to Shopwise Since that would be my entire country (The Bahamas),Cuba, and the state of Florida, I would just gather some supplies like candles ,food, a towel, and water. Then I'd  steal a boat and take my family and myself to sea   looking for another safe place. "Human incubator" is an odd twist on "artificial womb". There is no winter in Cuba. The virus can also mutate if given the opportunity to incubate. Someone who liked SCUBA diving. I'm okay with that. Et idem bientôt à Cuba  * [JJ Murphy &amp; Co](https://www.facebook.com/jjmurphy.co.nz/posts/1016757745018928) on Cuba Mall. 
* [Four Kings](https://www.facebook.com/events/1643302615884027/), 7-11 Dixon Street, Wellington 6011. 

Thanks /u/aku_namatata.
 An extreme example, I had a Val deck that only ran with blackmail, after setting up incubator/hivemind/mediums. I knew not to bother until that run was going to get me ~17 cards accessed.  Hopefully, someone's getting a free plane ride to Cuba. [M] $500 million is like 4 times more than the entire Cuban military budget.  but not someone who liked scuba diving? That was also a Cuban Treefrog in the the album as well. Florida is king of evasive species.  http://militarybudget.org/cuba/ scuba is a acyromn Yea, it's 2020, only 5 years and Cuba is literally only out of being Communist. Awesome!  I also want to dive in the Gardens of the Queen in Cuba.  The photos I have seen are breathtaking.  Scuba and Instaweather And Miami should be called North Cuba This 60s band incubated guitar legends Jimmy Page, Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck. lol [nobody tell /r/badpolitics about that](http://np.reddit.com/r/badpolitics/comments/30mhux/cuba_a_participatory_democracy_with_some_minor/) &gt;There is an easy solution to the problem. Give away your money

But that does nothing to eliminate the capitalist system.

&gt;it has been the only one that lifted millions from poverty

Russia... Cuba... China... ring a bell? &gt;your country is dirt poor and refuses to play ball with the "evil capitalists,"

TIL American embargo and Cuban tourism don't real Illegal immigration. Cuban immigration is automatically legal. Stop painting republicans as racists Open the doors and say "You're free! Go find something to do in Cuba." It kind of reminds me of when Castro emptied all the prisons and sent all of them to Florida just to fuck with the USA. As a previous Daytonian who has been living in Florida for 2.5 years. I too, had never had a Cuban before I moved here. They are now part of my weekly routine. I hope you find one! Linen shirts traditionally fit more loosely - part of the benefit (more ventilation). That's why you see old Cuban dudes in loose Guayaberas; tighter clothing in the summer is hotter.

Of course, tailoring is always an option.  Also, ropa vieja is amazing shredded beef at Cuban places. Para mi el regimen de franco y el regimen cubano no son tan distintos.

Una panda de cerdos asesinos capaces de matar y oprimir a sus respectivos pueblos. &gt;Illegal immigration. Cuban immigration is automatically legal.

They have to get into the country first and the republicans are very insistent on "securing the borders".

&gt;Stop painting republicans as racists

Stop putting words into my mouth. OK, but the poor kid whose parents made him turn himself in for a much lesser crime is?  He is on the next flight to Cuba perhaps? I was given the opportunity to show my Aunt from Cuba her first YouTube video (sounds like a reddit question, right?) I went my personal favorite http://youtu.be/sUoUkKRsA9c Tales of the video will ignite the much needed next Cuban Revolution! I spent 2 years there. Pretty country. Great scuba diving. Too hot and humid for my tastes though. Dollars go a LONG way. Por favor, do not sully the name of a fine Cuban dance and musical style with comparison to la Macarena. Gracias. Cuba's wiki says their budget is $65 billion while their GDP is $68 billion... Shouldn't forget about China, Korea, Vietnam...Cuba...Afghanistan, and all the satellite states either! Wegmans is definitely not as far south as Atlanta yet. They only just opened one in Virginia. /u/scubasteve1219 just hasn't ever been to one.  PNC Cuban Dogs? I bet you'd have to wrap them in something, or you'd end up showering someone with cuban dog mist; but yeah, we could do that. Are you claiming Cuba or are you Cuban? I could've sworn you said you were British. The point is, we could guess that Cuba's budget is 30% of their GDP, which puts their budget at $20.4 billion. 2% of that is $408 million, which doesn't cover this project, as /u/Robot1501 was saying. How about a tshirt? Everyone loves free shirts. 

The hotdogs they shoot at PNC are really gross, they should upgrade to the Cuban dog.  [La terza opzione appare evidente dal tuo commento](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/4/49/Cuba_libre.png). Ma non esagerare! &gt;  just an incubator 

Well you are.  You let some male talk you into letting them do this to you.  That is your punishment for not being strong.  They hate us and want to control us. Yup, I know this all too well. Husband is black, I am Cuban/Israeli. Mother is casually racist, father is completely out there racist. What did I do? I cut them off years ago. My husband and my marriage are my priority; not racist assholes with issues. Scuba diving in Thailand. Best food ever, worth the 3 weeks of diarrhea &gt;  We start at Scary Canary every Pub Crawl then head to Scruffy Murphys then ScuBar 

Oh boy nice photos.. although I'd say that personally I wouldn't have chosen to shoot in B&amp;W. OK, he's got a cool camera, but to me it removes some aspects that are particularly beautiful of Cuba... Meh. I...I...Think I'd be okay with being showered in cuban dog mist. Huh. With one fell swoop, I've decided I'll never be one of those people who does the "scuba adventure" while on vacation. Thought it might be somehow more isolated until I got to your comment The Kennedy Tapes: Inside the White House during the Cuban Missile Crisis is a fascinating look at history and politics.  some good options for music on shortwave include XEPMM from Mexico City on 6185 , WBCQ from Monticello Maine on 5110, Radio Rebelde from Cuba on 5025. there's also still decemt music on Longwave - enjoy it while you can If the original hunley crew had scuba gear, there probably wouldn't have been an issue.  scuba diving I'm Cuban and live in Dayton. There are no places here that even come close to real Cuban food.  I do recommend antojitos criollos they're Puerto Rican and La Colombiana if you're looking for something that's not Mexican. Very delicious food!! Cubase 6 LE, but if I were you I would start with Reaper or Logic.

Please don't use Audacity, it has like 5% of the features almost every other DAW (If you even consider Audacity to be one) has **I'M SURE MARK CUBAN CAN AFFORD IT** &gt;instead new cars for every licensed driver!

Conservatives always want to drive right past the Constitution all the way to what they think Cuba means.  So Cuba today in regards to LGBT rights is on equal levels as the US and Northern Europe? I have Alcheponics, Alchemical Incubation, Meat Growth, and Flesh Hardening researched. Am I missing some? She looks more like Colombian or Cuban to me So does Yandle prefer Olympic or SCUBA diving?

Gonna buy him either a speedo or wetsuit in NY blue.  When you have a government that has lied time and time again, had economic motivation for greater involvement in the Middle East, and already highly considered the same exact thing under Kennedy to try to start a war with Cuba, it's not a surprise.  There was plenty of economic warfare aimed at Cuba to the extent that it sent it into the hands of the USSR when the desire was to be an independent. 

It's not like there's still sanctions towards them or something.  I think implying that domestic spending = being like Cuba is fairly common among conservatives, don't you? Qbabs. Oh how I hate them goddamn cubabs. Anti-semitislamophobia 4 life. For the herb infused syrup I just made a honey/sugar syrup with herbal tea. This also works great with aged Cuban rum.  I'll scuba dive so we'll go out till we just can't see the shore. Getting in the water is terrifying. You're going in backwards and you have no idea whats below you. Once everyone's in the boat leaves, and then you 
descend. I'm currently on Windows 7 Ultimate x64.  
The program is called Cubase 5. It's a DAW (Digital Audio Workstation), something like Premier Pro, but for music production. Thank you, greatly appreciated. We were considering South America as we expand but I hadn't thought of Cuba. Mark is, well, Mark-Freaking-Cuban... and Kevin is the necessary evil.  Not so sure about Robert. Scubaru fish manoeuvre.  Put them in an oxygen tank and let me breathe them as I scuba dive.  I don't care if I get downvoted but that Rondo comment wasn't even clever. Nor did it make sense. Cuban has enough money to pay Rondo? Yea he does but how is that funny?  house of cards, the office, many more

edit: I like shark tank with mark cuban Breathe underwater, I know flying would be awesome but i love to scuba dive so much so i gotta choose breathe underwater.  ok sure but that doesn't explain his comment. He's saying cuban is in fact rich enough to pay for rondo. how is that a comeback?  Could you be more specific?  If I continue SW, I'll end up in Bahia Santa Lucia, Cuba!  :) Yeah,  I suppose it's now a long grind to the 3 mil mark! Maybe I'll buy something cheap like a Mallard or a Cuban in the mean time to explore an stuff *breaks cuban cigar in half* cough cough We'll just use the Cubans cough cough &gt;All the others fade

that also is objectively false. 

edit: cuba, spanish civil war, egypt . . . 

young turk, china, Iran . . .  Anything by the pixies, all of there songs are related to history, like their song "where is my mind" is all about the Cuban missile crisis /u/jarofketchup
/u/theoddcuban
/u/timelord79 Thanks, this is the best one I've seen so far, but still, I'm looking to see at what point it will fail.  I think we need someone to do scuba diving with it. The cubano from [Cholita Linda](http://www.cholitalinda.com/) in the Temescal District of Oakland.   I'm so glad Bear managed to get a Scuba certification.  Cuba would be interested in establishing trade. **I'M GLAD WE HAVE RESUMED DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS WITH CUBA.**

**#CASTRODIDNOTHINGWRONG** Like the people asking themselves if they could incubate an egg from the vagina. A friend of mine, who worked in the gynologic ER, straight up told me "no, thats not possible. I have already seen more absurde things." Or Cuban or North Korean. Young. Teachings of the Cold War nowadays are somewhat limited to the political headbutting between the US and the USSR (Cuban Missile Crisis, Vietnam, Afghanistan) https://instagram.com/sb_rocketboy/

new skydiver, climber, and beginner scubadiver in what little time i have left after building rockets... Ad Astra! I have a 6 pack of mini cohibas and one La Aroma de Cuba I should have clarified, most like Cuban-American, Mexican-American, Jewish-American, ect. qual a maioridade penal em Cuba? Buffalo wings from Frisco's Bar and Grill in Cuba, MO,  a Blondie from Applebee's,  and a large Coke.  This is why I don't play golf, but scuba dive: I have a better survival chance. My New Year's resolution was no more soda

...unless it was mixed with alcohol, not giving up Cuba Libres :P Only broke it twice by accident so far because I stopped having to think about it, didn't even finish those accidents either. Cuba é uma ditadura sanguinária e que não deve ser seguida por ninguém.


Respondendo a pergunta, eu acho que é 16 anos. Cuba, Corea del Norte, La Republica Nazi del Lado Oscuro de la Luna.

Touché Depois criticam Cuba por matar pessoas que pensam diferente do governo.


São farinha do mesmo saco, apenas uma cambada de extremistas. MAN IF YOU CAN'T UNDERSTAND THAT CUBAN IS STUPID WITH HIS MONEY AFTER WE'VE BROKEN IT DOWN FOR YOU, YOU'RE SLOWER THAN DIRK'S LATERAL MOVEMENT. if he had on scuba gear? We being the fans of a franchise whose owner is Mark Cuban.  But you know that.  You're just trying to be one those "fans who say we are silly" people.  I invite you to suck on a bag of dicks. SHOW ME THOSE CUBAN LIGHTS! It wouldn't have.  But I don't think succubae would appear that way.  If it was really a succubus, they've got bad advertising. Cuba doesn't "want" them either. http://imgur.com/hdnLm9Z

These are selling very well tonight. I've had a few myself. Definitely better with a nice Cuban rum.  Swimming in the ocean there is not something you actually get much pleasure from! Unless in a wetsuit, then there are the sharks... I was planning to go scuba diving last time I was there, but we just couldn't fit it in :( Cuba no se autoabastecia, corea del norte tiene a toda la población muerta de hambre, la republica nazi no te sabria decir Axe FX II XL into Cubase 4. 

I need to update that haha.  They say they have a shortlist of people they are going to add:

http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/he/en/status The entire album Buena Vista Social Club by Buena Vista Social Club is incredible. Fantastic Afro-Cuban jazz. How to invisi push as scuba diver? I cant wait for the 30 on 30 "Cuban does Dallas" A news report about the Cuban missile crises IIRC. I discovered Alex Cuba while working at my college radio. He is pretty fantastic and sings in both English and Spanish.  Ring up Mark Cuban. Cuban Dong! More like the Cuban Revolution. The house was attacked by the Soviets and Cubans, the house guests are currently banding together in the storage room resisting capture and they are calling themselves The Wolverines Alliance. If he likes single-payer health care, he can move to Cuba. Coral Springs, in the Broward county portion of the tri county area, think not Cuba/Miami  ron paul wanted more trade with countries, particularly cuba and iran. not more sanctions. he was anything but isolationist. You'd like Juan of the dead. Takes place in Cuba.  Cuban that hates Cuban food Since this is going by so slow, can I just share a photo my (future) [cuban boyfriend](http://i.imgur.com/ZL0EqyX.jpg)? 

*god i am so bored* So yeah, the files are on my computer I have it as a password protected backup file. I purchased iencubator to edit try and get the files out but haven't had any luck. I'm not even sure where they would be stored within the backup file itself...

 I bought a program called reincubate to pull files from an old backup file but haven't had any luck.. Not even sure where it would be stored within the file.. May 10th according to: http://www.reddit.com/r/duolingo/comments/347h35/beta_release_estimates_from_the_incubator_teams/ If I ever received a crappy fake cuban I'd dissect for science also. I'd think it would be fun. Cuban anoles kill and eat small native lizards, even Carolina Anoles. They're just as harmful as any other invasive species.  what's next? National anthem of Cuba with Pitbull inc Hi eyes are almost like Scuba's The [Baby Incubator Cafe](http://www.omaha.lib.ne.us/transmiss/rinehart/tmi00427.jpeg) exhibit is eerily steampunkish.  It's a bird called "Reinita"  that is all over the island of Puerto Rico and most of the Caribbean except for Cuba for some reason. 
http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bananaquit If the legend says so, Tupac is revealed to be alive and in Cuba after the embargo drops, and Kendrick dies. Where is supercubanslady? Meh. I don't think he's THAT bad.

His bit with 'cuba divin' and norklin' is pretty funny. I went to the cuban revolution place in downtown Durham in january. Holy fuck that place is good. Well, he is an orthodox Marxist, indoctrinated in Cuba. According to the left-wing extremists, that makes him one of the most enlightened beings on the planet. no that is a dance based on Afro-Cuban music I would love to see Clippers vs Mavs in playoffs just to see Cuban and Ballmer go at it. No, unless the baby is nearly fully developed and can be rescued by C-section and incubated. How do you get the scuba gear in GTA? Can you online? No, I am saying they don't do it anymore. Just like the US doesn't bomb Vietnam anymore or embargoes Cuba. Mexico and Cuba are huge markets for boxing as well The kitty Scuba is fantastic!! THEY CALL ME CUBAN PETE

I'M THE KING OF THE RHUMBA BEAT

WHEN I PLAY THE MARACAS I GO CHICK CHICKY BOOM CHICK CHICKY BOOM The Espionage Ensemble Set &amp; Spy Noir Set are both sick

I can see the Cuban Conspirator pairing well with the Dead Ringer for a super tank-y offensive spy Most Americans don't even know where Vermont is situated on a map of the US, let alone where or what Finland is.

Ehh, is it a store where you buy fins? Scuba gear?  Cuba would win In Cuba the communists got 99% of the vote in the last elections. You can't argue with a mandate like that! I got a cheap set of Fenders from JB Cubao. I guess Canada is like USA.  Cuba may be next. Either from a dinghy or a submarine. I'm not sure about online, I think you dont get scuba gear from the submarine in online and the dinghy is hard to find I believe. Aberrant albino, Id guess it was a bell by the coloration. However unless you find out straight from the breeder you can be for sure if it's bell or tremper, sometimes if they're incubated oddly trempers can look like bells and vise versa.  Sanders is a socialist. I don't think most people on reddit knows what that means. Think Cuba  Ya but they are different situations... America didn't force Cubans out of America into Cuba. &gt; Ya but they are different situations... America didn't force Cubans out of America into Cuba.

A better analogy would be if Mexican nationals tried to reclaim Texas...

 In Cambodia the only diving is out of Sihanoukville.  The first shop in Cambodia (and the best) is Scuba Nation, which also has a shop in Phnom Penh but all the OW diving is out of Sihanoukville.   Vicky and Gerard are ace. "But mommmmm, whatabout the United States and Cubaaaaa!?" 

I do believe we were talking about Israel. 

Not sure why you brought up a whataboutism...  Yeah he nailed it that's exactly what I wanted; I was able to extract with reincubate program and find it under dcim/hacx.. Thank you guys a ton! What happens if you incubate a double yolk? Shadowboxer was filmed down the street from me.  There was a zebra trailer and a Cuba Gooding Jr. trailer parked next to my bus stop.  They also filmed at the preschool I went to.

EDIT: Suburban Philadelphia. Greatest sports quote ever IMHO was made by Rapid Robert, who lived into his 90s.  He was being asked about Aroldis Chapman, a hard throwing 17 year old Cuban immigrant.  Bob's reply was "wake me when he wins 100 games.  I'm going to take a nap." Communist countries were defeated by a feroceous global capitalist effort. DPRK and cuba were still up even with massive economic and diplomatic blockades. Besides all that, you know that most of the shit you think you know about communism is propaganda. Yeah, but they incubate inside of them. Really like the concept of the Cuban Conspirator. It provides a unique new approach to spy.

Now I want to see gameplay of the Cuban with the YER. If you twist Cuba a bit... i guess no. I'm from Cuba, not really sure of any references except for the 5 second clip in hetalia in Cuba internet is controlled by the state. Only in the universities or selected persons have access to it, is boring but safe. Trolls must still exist even in close circles! 

Btw, on a different note, what's the most common breakfast food in Cuba?  Cuba? Is that the typical breakfast for the vast majority of Cubans?

EDIT: None of it is "native" to Cuba, that's why I'm asking. Learning about Cuba and having some food! Ah you are from LUMS? I have mentored a few times at Startup Weekend and am currently serving an advisory role on an LCE incubated startup too. Lets grab a coffee at Jammin Java sometimes! I'd love to talk and bounces ideas with you! &gt; They sanctioned similar to Cuba. 

No. They aren't. [The United States is Venezuela's largest import partner and largest export partner](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_leading_trade_partners). oh...the "native" Cuban food is for lunch and dinners not breakfast.

and that is the breakfast for the minority, the "typical" breakfast is cafe and bread. is a poor country. I'm an avid bike rider and scuba diver.  :3 North Korea, the Soviet Union, Cuba, now Venezuela. It has happened before.  Other artists I like: Chambao, Mana, Pastora, Cafe Tacuba, Jarabe de Palo, La Frekuencia, Manu Chao, Natalia Lafourcade, Los de Abajo, Carla Morrison, Jotdog, Si Se...  pro tip; ung branch nila sa shopwise sa cubao, konti lang pumupunta :) Cuba! Nice. I was Cuba in WP for a while.  We suggest Tunisia use a system similar to Cuba's in 2015 where other parties are allowed, but not as legal entities.  HC cuba I bought the bersa just because it's fun to fly. I also bought a cuba so i can fly another person with me on missions. Yeah, I don't care about the warranty.  Any time I've tried to use the warranty, they claim I abused the phone (take it scuba diving ONE time!"

 Cuba agrees to such a deal and looks forward to cooperating economically with India.

~President Fidelito Castro Excellent, we would need to give incentives for businesses to switch from trade to China to Cuba. Perhaps we could provide tax breaks for our respective businesses to operate in Cuba and India. What do you do for a living? stalk scuba divers? Aerial photos of Soviet IRBMs in Cuba, in 1962. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Missile_Crisis#/media/File:U2_Image_of_Cuban_Missile_Crisis.jpg It's too bad for him America is not Socialist like Cuba or Russia. It usually takes me about 6 weeks to get mail **in miami** from cuba. Most people here just use private couriers. ~ President Fidelito Castro of Cuba ~President Fidelito Castro of Cuba Not trying to one up cubanpete26, but I'd happily trade 3 Darkrai codes for an Amaura code if you're willing to do that deal. Never noticed Cuba Gooding Jr. in that scene before! Cuba, read and understood A Cuban Knight &gt;No country has ever practiced pure capitalism,

The US from 1870 till 1913 ....

&gt;pure communism or pure socialism

USSR, Morth korean and Cuba for communism .... Europe for socialism




 Some crazy people used a brain dead relative as an incubator Didn't bother to read the article?

"But it was too late for Toth. He had already lost his job as a result of the arrest. **He was also kept from deploying with his Army National Guard team** to Cuba." ready for some cuban lights  Nothing from Enter the Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang Forever or Only Built 4 Cuban Linx 2? Come on Chef The media just wants another mark Cuban for ratings,  but unlike Cuban who is good for quotes and bylines,  they will use every shot they can of Crying ~~Indian Joe~~ Steve Ballmer Derp, read cubanpete's comment incorrectly and thought you were offering a Birthday Umbreon D:  "You guys are only laughing because I'm not Cuba Gooding Jr..." It is what it is, I've never had a problem. Syncrosoft license keys (the ones used for Cubase, Nuendo, VSL, and some others) are another story, for me. Cubase or Studio One deserves a mention as well. Cubase I believe Quit blaming Canada for Cruz.  He was just born there but he's American/Cuban, Canada was just a couple month stopover. I'm eating a Cuban sandwich aka best sandwich  His father was Cuban, not Canadian.

His father was a travelling minister who just happened to be in Western Canada at the time of Cruz's birth.

Cruz wasn't raised in Canada and has no Canadian connections or relatives.  



 Got a problem, report it, and move on with your life. I'd like to keep the shit in check and keep the flak off the legal stuff, but if you don't care enough to report it, then shut up about it.. and who cares if they are Cuban? Were they making fun of Mark Cuban in this episode? &gt;Cuban Korea is Best Korea

Did I do this right? Backpacking through Europe isn't neccessarily so crazy considering  I'm going to be doing it within the next year, but what I'd really like to do is scuba dive in the Caribbean. I'm born, raised, and living in South Florida, but my family is Cuban-Spanish.  thank you based cuban I'm pretty sure that was a rumor Mark Cuban put out or something. No way Jordan said that in the middle of that series. Mr. Game and Watch  
  
You get a Scuba helmet smashed into you. Yes I really enjoyed it. Don't watch it hungry; the Cuban sandwiches he makes in the movie look so fucking delicious.  There are plenty of words that started life as acronyms... scuba, laser, radar, "zip" in zip code.

But a word that was made from the sound of the letters, only one I can find offhand is [humvee](http://www.amgeneral.com/vehicles/hmmwv/). Windows &amp; Cubase with ASIO works just fine. I've been using it for 10 years. The days of Mac being inherently superior are over. I scuba dive out there from time to time. Thanks! mines public too, clssyscubadiver Did the director think he was ugly or something? They showed his face for all of 4 seconds in a 7 minute clip. The other guy just didn't fit the scene. His cuban? accent was not really a good compliment to Nielson's. can u send me a video example or something? I got both reaper and cubase Most of those cars are rust buckets.

The majority of cars in Cuba are POS Ladas or POS Chinese geelys. You mean Cuba circa 1959.

Fun fact, there hasn't been one new building built in Havana since 1959. Cuba has great farmland, yet exceptional trouble feeding itself. If we tank, I'm done with this team. But I know Cuban has enough respect for the fans to never do that. Very true.

The Cuban economy is incredibly inefficient. Cuban ALMOST collapsed in 1992...... But Raul managed to calm a big angry crowd. I don't know the context of this but he's dressed like what I imagine an old, rich cuban man would. Actually, most Cuban cars are POS soviet Ladas.... The modern GOP "Hispanic Outreach":  trying to sell Cuban-American politicians to Mexican-American voters.


 It's almost as if they are ignorant to the fact that Mexico was pretty hip to the Castros and their ideas- which is diametrically opposed to everything most Cuban-Americans stand for.  I love cuban music, but the Tropico 5 just collects dust there. I might try it out again. A day ago I managed to play through Mafia 2 again, just because of the ambience and music in general. Love the old-school vintage stuff. (Hopefully) Cuba. I have a biggy big List with reasons, but mostly socialism. And i've always liked Cuba. Also: yo hablo español. you use an atmospheric dive suit for a living, or are you just a scuba diver? That gives a really beautiful idea where the dwarf planets in high orbit become little incubators for life as their dying star warms them for the first time in 10 billion years. We do it here. Just in smaller, less insane (but still insane) amounts.

It didn't work in Russia, didn't work in China, didn't work in Sweden, not Cuba or Venezula...

but it's going to work here guys! Am I rite? America is special and different! cuba gooding in the chair Hey I'm 16. Nice to meet you.

You said you're from South Florida and you're Cuban/Spanish, do you prefer Hispanic girls over other races?

How much do you weigh.. Height?

Where do you plan on going to college? Chavez and Company has needed no help at all accomplishing this task. Well, maybe from Cuba. Or take up scuba diving and go on a 3 month "dive trip" to some economical overseas location for lots of practice. That poor woman.  Machines forcing her to stay alive to act as an incubator.

 Scuba divers are friends not food! So, do you know how to put on a condom properly? Are you glad that trade, and travel restrictions are being lifted from Cuba? What's your favorite food? Did you mother ever sing to you as a child?  It takes 3 weeks for love to incubate and start showing symptoms, you can't test for it before then. Craft Beer Cellar was running low, so we have a mix of Great Divide Chocolate Oak Aged Yeti and Cigar City Cubano Espresso. It's a tasty chocolately stout with light smokiness. She's long gone, they were keeping her body alive because all it was at that point was an incubator. I heard from Rikishi's hair dresser that the Gobbledy Gooker egg was kept in Hart Dungeon for incubation. (engaging typical republican't mode):

"A Canadian Cuban who went to Harvard then tried to destroy the Government?! Just another example of the failed Affirmative Action program!!" Serious question, so then what are the Venezuelan or Cuban governments considered in your eyes since it doesn't exactly fit that description? I thought Cubas was 1.92m ?
 I love Luxembourgish (ech schwatzt lëtzebuergesch!). Have you considered applying to the incubator? I would love to learn to speak better. They don't actually give birth to the young. Females lay their eggs in a pouch on the male. The male then incubates them and eventually when they hatch they emerge from his stomach pouch, almost like some sort of aquatic marsupial.  Hi I'm scubadives, and forgot my password :/

Question right now I'm at problem 1.

3) ~L Assumed Conditional Proof

4) ~(J v ~E) 2, 3 MT

What should I do next? The socialist is calling for a political revolution... you know, like Cuba. I never cared for lovecraftian monsters or had any sort of thalassophobia. Then Bloodborne happened (I know there's no sea in it but still, plenty of tentacles)  and I just canceled my yearly scuba trip to Cozumel. Russian, but it's in the incubator. Also I'm not fluent enough in English. I might be of help for a Russian for German speakers course, maybe. Thanks; just by coincidence, I have a friend who also smokes Makers Mark, and I had done the research for him.  Several cigars meet that combination, but I only had La Gloria Cubana to offer him. &gt;like abogado is pronounced abogao

That's fascinating! Cubans do that a lot too. That's awesome Bones, all this stuff is really cool to learn for me. Thanks for sharing :3 Aaaaannnddd that's the 100% surest way to get me to read it.  My future scuba - diving seldom will regret it, I'm sure Sí, los oradores de español en el Caribe son similar. Los puertorriqueños y cubanos son primos bastante. De nada, amigo.  They did spend 32 million on a Cuban.. Which ended up being 60 mil... because of tax I have 2 fake Cubans I've received in trades and for whatever reason I still have them. Both a couple years old now. Maybe I'll smoke em and do a review haha. I kind of want to just cut it open. We'll see. 

Great review though ! You don't have to wait! Look into getting a scuba diver certification! Diving in the ocean is like nothing else, it is absolutely awe inspiring. Thanks. I wouldn't personally recommend smoking fake Cubans though. You never know what you'll end up with.  I too have received some fake Cohiba churchills from a fellow on my old mail route.  He has been bringing these back from Cuba on a regular basis, and gave me a 5 pack.  Now I am going to have to join my Canadian brother and post a summer smoke review. Man if it wasn't for jme I don't even know if i would have found out how to make beats yet. He said I open fruit loops, cubase, logic, pro tools
Abelton live, I don't give a shit
turn on the computer and make a hit. Im beyond grateful for that. Smoked a Cuban Stock lancero - accompanied by GOT the book. 


Next up is Ashton VSG  Cuban's are tasty.  Embraced socialism and national health care. If he likes those two things, he can go to Cuba, where they are available. [Listen to Einstein!](http://i.cdn.talentegg.ca/incubator/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/733962_10152649739480724_943535814_n.png) gentle smoke cuban bristle crisis DAMN IT SCUBA STEVE Better relations with Iran and Cuba. Heartwarming story, sorta.

This is what Fox viewers wish all women were: brain-dead incubators.

Yes, I know, I'm terrible. Suez Canal Crisis and Cuban Missile Crisis (Although that one's kind of a bust) to name a couple. Suez canal is a big one, they played a big role in Cuban missile crisis. Generally the mediator for the Western Hemisphere and nato powers, being how they tend to be know and respected enough by enough parties  Suez Crisis, Cuban Missile Crisis, UN Peacekeeping to Indochina, Korean War, etc. etc. 

Until the 70s/80s Canada was a go-to international crisis mediator thanks to our proactive Middle-Power status. As usual, ang haba nanaman ng pila sa MRT cubao lalo na ng mga 7-9am. Buti na lang nakagawa ako ng bagong diskarte para makapasok pa rin on-time. Haha Are you saying all cubans look the same? He was in Entourage...oh wait that was Mark Cuban. Cespedes is beautiful. So maybe all Cubans are just beautiful.  Even that would probably be fine though since they aren't visiting until memorial day weekend. Not too many illnesses have 3 week incubation.  I've been to almost every island in the Caribbean Sea.  And I've diddled in all of them.  

I couldn't tell you whether I was looking at St. Lucia or Cuba. Scuba*

In the movie, the whole joke is that its Scuba equipment. Please apply to incubator. Your language is fascinating!  Then you take my wife's lead and get something like this.
http://scubatankservices.com/sales/smallcase.html

She keeps her flip phone in it.  Is the US invading Cuba and annexing its territory? Cause that's sure as fuck what the Israelis are doing to the Palestinians. They're in Cuba with Pac &gt; They want to take away benefits for poor people so they pay less taxes. 

No, they don't. They want freer markets and freer everything. 

Cuba. You should move to Cuba and get away from the influence of the Kochs. GSU is apparently working on an incubator/Free housing and resources for post grads.. but that's just a rumor.   Guantanamo bay has been under American control for more than 100 years. Try again.

If the US started annexing fields and neighborhoods outside of Havana and declaring them American land, Cuba would have every right to attack us. Northeastern University has a student run startup incubator / accelerator, which is nice. Three words... Cave Scuba Diving my favorite "bloody mary" is a michelada  (it seems anything with alcohol is a bloody mary these days. '

Gin = Bloody Madaline
Tequila =Bloody Maria
Whiskey =Crazy Man 
rum=Cubanita Everyone knows that after the Spanish-American war that on top of freedomizing (colonizing) Cuba, Philippines, and Puerto Rico, they also took a part of southern Spain. Or long incubation period, able to be transmitted during incubation, and able to spread through many vectors. You could have just said Cave Scuba Diving.

If I was curious about how many words that was, I could count them, they're right there.  Or a long incubation period, infection spread by water, with a 33% infection rate. I like the way Walking Dead handled it. Everyone is already infected.  Or 100% infection rate, and a rediculously fast rate of incubation Hindi ba medyo traffic na din around the Kamias-Cubao area? 
But I'll try this too sometime, thanks for the tip! :D Someone may be cloning your phone to make free calls on your account. Check your bills for any weird charges. Especially calls to Cuba. If you plan on buying cuban cigars as a souveneir *only* buy them from a Casa Del Habano store or you'll almost certainly get fakes. cubanpete has one, couldn't tell ya the last one (I only know this because I saw his first and asked about it) Steelfather and cubanpete26! Normal looking preemie.  I was an NICU nurse for 14 years.  But the rest you are right about.  Women being used as brain dead incubators horrifies me. lol. ok bro, go to cuba for your next surgery, see how that works out for you. Some communist states genuinely improved their lands at first (Cuba), though they always declined or liberalised later. A country with no ruling class would fall to bits whatever theoretical system was in place. This.

I've been working with Cubase for years but i suddenly switched to FL which improved my work so much, not because it's the better DAW (It's clearly not) but just the fact it fits perfect to my "work-style". the Cuban 800 is very cheap and is much better than all the other "starter" aircraft (cheaper than velum prices). and it does not spawn much around the map. I wouldnt mind to try a cuban that didnt exactly come out of the original factory but a fake cuban from domrep is bad news. Yes massive has a trial, and no I dont mean mainstream as in overly popular or whatever the fuck I mean mainstream as in something commonly used by alot of people. Fl studio, Ableton, Reason, Cubase etc. Stick with one Daw for now. I believe that Cuba does fit that description.

Venezuela is still a nation with capitalists, but is in a state of limbo between a government with anti capitalist tendency and a still entrenched bourgeois upper class. Unfortunately, I don't do requests. Maybe in Cuba or North Korea some artists are still doing that! xD jk jk http://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=Xcuba Everyone seems to be speaking Spanish and waving flags from Cuba/Mexico/Puerto Rico. 

This is the USA. Go back to where you came from if you aren't going to assimilate. Speak the language or don't come here at all.

I am Hispanic. Cuban. Do you plan on harvesting or incubating? I'm glad her organs were donated but this seems rather cruel to me, being kept alive artificially solely to act as an incubator.  My old manager has this problem. He's constantly horking up phlegm. 

He's also married to a smokin' hot cuban girl, and they just had their first kid. Confidence has nothing to do with your situation, and everything to do with your state of mind. It's a lamp that serves as sort of an incubator for the chickens.  Keeps them warm until they're big enough to do it themselves. I saw these while scuba diving and they are awesome. Does anyone else find it just fucking creepy that they kept a corpse "alive" just to be an incubator?  I mean, if she wanted to do that, good on her I guess, but it's still creepy as fuck. We didn't want the thousands of Cuban prisoners, we've had tit, time for tat. Yeah, the third isn't Russia. Is it Cuba? 

Edit: Syria.  Someone said Disney, so I'd say go to the beach. They're really beautiful. And try a Cuban sandwich from a local Cuban restaurant, they're amazing. He's trying to look for the Billy Kings and Cubans of the league,  but it's a short list. But if it's there than he'll find it. I thought 'Uber' was a typo for scuba and then read 'driver' as diver. Was really confused why no one was getting eaten by sharks. Throw a scuba wetsuit on you'll be toasty.  Nothing quite like Cuban time.  It's meant specifically for the land whales. When they exercise, the weight they lose gets wirelessly sent to dolphin creation facilities and the dolphins are incubated for months until they can finally be released. Which is why the fat disappears  Cozumel is an often discussed topic here, and [there is a lot of information already posted...](http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/search?q=Cozumel&amp;restrict_sr=on) &gt; what is interstellar?

[The Christopher Nolan film that came out in November.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0816692/?ref_=nv_sr_1)   
I'll take that as a "No" then... ;)

Hmm... Have you ever been SCUBA diving? Yeah it's hard to imagine a woman who wanted to donate her organs to strangers would have a problem being an incubator for her kid. Oh wait, she already chose to be an incubator for her kid.  Syria is next. Cuba has one too.   Syria, Iran and N. Korea are left.  Cuba Libre. Dang it's good Well we did vote a Cuban-Canadian for senator... How are you missing the point this badly...

How is Mark Cuban as unclassy as a facetious tweet. When has Cuban ever talked about shooting horses? Why do people just not vote to get in? tourism would go up so bad. The same novelty with Cuba, PR can counterattack with becoming a state.

 Is that Manhattan, Cuba? I have a friend that plays all the oozes, utilizing [[ooze flux]] [[renegade krasis]] [[krasis incubation]] it is hilarious when it goes offf. So many ooze tokens and counters everywhere.  i was born three months premature and spent 5 months in an incubator in fletcher allen. im alive and well over 30 years later so i can say they are great with little humans! all the best vibes and positive thoughts for both your new nieces! No problem, and it definitely wouldn't be wrong to say that Cuba is affected by the global market to an extent and even has some market based sources in the nation, but it is a pretty small presence overall. &gt;Arturo Fuente Cubanitos[24] (4.2"x32) - The maker of the very popular Opus X offers a little cigarillo.

I just got a tin of these at my local B&amp;M.  Do you want me to drop a couple in the mail? I would love to drive one of those old bad ass antique cars down this road while puffing on a nice Cuban cigar.  The hammocks are our own (Hammeck), we each have the Envy-S. Tarps are Warbonnet Edges, and we both have Hammock Gear Incubator underquilts. Thanks! :) Well if you insist! :)
Hammocks: (self-promotion here) Hammeck Envy-S
Tarps: Warbonnet Edge
Quilts: Hammock Gear Incubator
Gear Hammock: 2 T's Outdoors UBCs (Ultimate Backpacking Chair) - these triple as gear hammocks, pack covers, and a chair! Plus IIRC they use a right-wing militia to enter Cuba and cause mayhem there as well. Chris Cubas' Cancelled podcast is doing Freaks and Geeks now. Chris King from socal and El Cubano Loco from norcal are more than decent  (http://scuba.about.com/od/marinelife/tp/Types-Of-Rays-Stingrays-Manta-Rays-Electric-Rays-And-Skates.htm)[You're right, manta rays don't have stingers] LOL, worse then the fake cuban one of my employees just brought me back from their vacation!! Colors are random, but once it has hatched, you should be able to check in the incubator menu to see what type it is. why aren't you in the incubator anymore maaan Guava Pastries...you can get them at a cuban bakery called Portos...delicioso! Yup... gotta sit a certain way or else we go scuba diving. No, you cannot see what breed it is until after you have named it. In the past you used to be able to tell based on which breed kubrow mods it gave you when you it into incubation, but now you are blindly naming. Maybe this was brought back recently? I very much missed its presence for a long time. Just to clarify, this is before your Kubrow is done incubating? Cuban screwdriver.  orange juice and rum. delicious. No way, you should be mixing everything at the same time. You need to export stems from fl and mix it all together in cubase to be able to make sense of it all. Otherwise it will sound like karaoke. That's right. The best paying, least exploitative work in socialist Cuba is pampering capitalists.  Isn't cuba just a giant cigar factory? &gt; many of these cases is that the women are being kept alive against the family's wishes to incubate a fetus. 

I find that horrifying. And sickening, it's... *wrong.* Got a lot of respect for the revolution. It wasn't perfect, but Cuba's done good for it's situation. Look at Haiti vs Cuba for example. One resisted Us imperialism and the other is under it's control.  Scuba Yoda will now forever haunt my dreams. What is a woman going to want with a 40 year old virgin with lots of scuba experience? Scuba gear. They're all fighting at the bottom of the ocean. Disadvantaged how? More often than not, people grow up normal with a single parent. 

Any sane mother would gladly give their life for their child. I wouldn't care if they kept my body alive to incubate 100 other peoples babies.  I remember being amazed at how many people they must have killed driving that hummer through the Cuban favela-looking village. Just blasting straight through people's houses, one after another. You mean Rafael Cruz. As a Cuban, he represents us in the worst way possible.  All former US's need to normalise relations with Cuba if you want to be friends. I have high hopes for all the non south states. Mariota and a Cuban cigar. I can dig me some Cuba. One of my dreams is smoking a fat stogie with Fidel and Fieri.  That's really good to hear! 

In the end, I actually chose the Data Incubator, which I'm happy with, but I'm curious if you know how Metis / Zipfian would compare.  Nope. I see no parallel between a woman donating her body to incubating a child or not and a parent shifting his financial obligation to society. They are entirely separate issues.  "The Cuban 5", hasta el final del articulo pensaba que eran un grupo de Salsa. Here is a [link](http://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/comments/34uj0o/stunning_tobacco_country_cuba_oc_2048x1365/) to the original submission





I am a robit I want to become a scuba dive master and dive in an arctic glacier or cave I hope to get Cuba!  You didn't post a psn XD. Mine is scubager123 scubager123 That or they saw what happened to the USSR, Cuba, and North Korea. as a canadian, fuck cuba
Ima go spend my money in puerto rico!!!!!!
with those lovely boriquas I am a blind goat who enjoys scuba diving. Here is my setup Marysol is Cuban, right?  I think she's good friends with Reza. Passed with an 83! Thanks for your guys help. Going to do the typical Cuban thing and celebrate with a cigar an some rum. Try Cuba or Venezuela instead. I for one, Welcome to our new cubans overlords

/s Send him a Cuban coffee and some homeless people Quick question.  Why do people only ever snorkel and not scuba dive? Again, thank you for the technical explaination. It is interesting. Not something I can compete with or anything as I just swim at the beach and not with the sharks yet ;) (hoping to get SCUBA certified this year)

 Which countries are we calling socialist? Only ones I'm aware of in the modern world are Cuba and North Korea. If we define socialist as the government owning almost all of the economic capital in the country.  I swear I do not get the Castro love on reddit. It has to be mostly non-Cubans who have no idea what the reality of life on the island is. I agree with you; fuck Castro. No no, I see your point and would never value the life of a potential child over a living, breathing woman. But the analogy is bad at best, and makes it sound like you think women are walking incubators. My family's from that area. I went to the same high school as that kid, I heard that he had spent all day at a scuba diving lesson and was sleep deprived. It's weird seeing someone from your small town on the news. I used to do a lot of rock climbing and hiking when I was in Israel for a year.  I smoked a lot of Cuban RyJ while I was over there.  It was a good mild smoke and could be had on the cheap (before the 500% cigar tax) Scuba not allowed Y que esperas de unos cafres. 

p.d. En el sentido cubano de la palabra. She's also an ex-professor at Antioch. She's a pretty bad bitch. She got to go to Cuba about 18 months ago, I was very jealous. Now it's far less exciting.   So, eastern Caribbean, could I realisticly keep Cuba and Haiti under my control, with enough naval tech? supply and demand... you live in a capitalist world... if you don't like go to cuba Well, what about this?

I will leave the Lesser Antilles, and keep with Cuba and Haiti for now, but could I make a migration from those territories into the South American coast, even if I lost them later on a crisis? Put some sand and sea shells in a cute container. Bustelo coffee is a must! A can of Cuban black beans [Goya brand]. Maybe one of those long religious candles with the virgin mary on it... Well this is awkward... Cuba too... Random question: can you actually legally acquire Windows or OSX in Cuba? I'm just wondering because of the embargo, and obviously they're both US products. His dad was a traveller preacher and he just happened to be born there.  He has no Canadian connections and wasn't raised there.

He's Cuban-American.  There's that nice nurse lady in Daredevil.

 She is of Puerto Rican and Afro-Cuban descent. 

  very true.

Most of the people in Miami that are mad with the Cuban government learned the hatred from their Grandparents. Glorious! But what about Cuba... I have always said that I rather have Communism like it is in Cuba than have a Democracy like most of Central America. 

 tacklewharehouse.com will have some product videos but ya im always looking for underwater videos. "Hook and Look" is a great show about a scuba diver and fisberman father and son combo. They do a great job but only have short clips online.  Glorious indeed!

/u/norwegianwood90 traces this poster to "the mid-to-late 1950s"; Castro took power in 1959, so it's likely that Cuba was still run by Fulgencio Batista when this poster was drawn. Domi Station, the startup incubator in town has a table, but you need to work there or be a guest...  Sorry, not much help. Thank you...I love Scuba's name.  that is really cute too!!   Oh hunnie, you need to get out!  Sunlight is glorious!  just ask your babies.  ;-)  However, I do understand.  I have plenty of Software engineers, game developer, and techie friends so.... You could say the same thing about players in the minor leagues or college too though. Also, I'm pretty sure there's more than one Cuban in the MLB.  Scuba diving pls. Do the wild animals attack you? Getting jumped by a mountain lion sounds fun. Donnie wanted Giannis but Cuban wanted all the cap space he could get  I remembered that comment, it was a few hours after I got the Cuban tip when it clicked. I think our next step would be to find a way of getting this info to the Cuban community in Florida. I don't think reddit's the greatest option. Any ideas? Is it named Scuba or Squeegee? She used to be named Squeegee but it was a nickname my ex gave her, so I renamed her Scuba when we broke up.  Wait how did you know her previous name? I was so stuck on her either being from Florida or Mexican that it didn't hit me. I have no idea where to begin with that but I hope someone does. I think it's a great bet she could be Cuban. I think that's a reference to genocide and dictatorship in Cuba. Or Armenia. We have tons of sunshine and rain. Provided we're allowed to grow it, it could be an excellent cash crop. Puerto Rico doesn't have as much land as the Dominican Republic or Cuba, but what we have is good for growing shit. I plug them in a Tascam US-2x2 and then edit the tone/efects in Cubase, there definetely is alot Im missing in regards to production and mixing and they do sound shitty right now. Submersible doesn't give you Scuba gear online. At least it didn't when I drove it. So what do you recommend I do if I want a job in scuba diving? I was only seeking to become an instructor because I was told that was the best way to gain employment. a least he's only half Cuban Lmao that's true, or he brings his scuba gear and vaseline to try and shimmy down the toilet :D De qué parte de Cuba eres? Idk about you, but if my husband showed up [wearing a scuba mask and some Vaseline](http://i.imgur.com/4uVrg.gif) I'm Cuban, I love them. Especially a good Medianoche Buttered Cuban bread is as close to god as you can get. I love living in a place where I can get all the Cuban food I want.  I went to Mami's for a Cuban sandwich but they were out of bread, so I tried the one at Chicken Bandit which was much more expensive, but worth every penny. It was delicious. The sriracha tots at Shaddocks were kind of limp and disappointing. Was this the infamous "Butt Cuba"? A most-likely late card is sent to the President. [It's simple](http://www.wellpromo.com/upload/upimg11/Spanish-Feliz-Cumpleanos-Card--52711.jpg), but a large box with many holes in it carried a birdcage, containing the Cuban national bird, the Tocororo. They're picky with brands and the season, they are still the best first step though. They also have a website detailing a bit about what they take. I think there's another place on Cuba street but it's even pickier from what I've been told. What is this "butt cuba" of which you speak? I would export tracks or stems from FL to Cubase, and mix them all.  Making the vocal fit in a mix is tricky.  Mixing one vocal track to one master track would be like playing Tetris with all the pieces stuck together at the start. You can still find a few bars opened passed 11: Cubana, The Ring... Not sure if you are being sarcastic but when you said "Fuck You!" to Arrington the Youtube CC plugged in "Butt Cuba". Brushwood and Justin Robert Young did a skit on NSFW Show about it.

I may be misremembering though. Sicknesses usually need to incubate a few days at least in order to make you FEEL sick.  Chances that the anal had anything to do with it seem pretty low. They have a cuban guy. he could be good? I removed most of this chain of comments as it had descended into territory that would require scuba, a chiropractor and a damn good proctologist.

Behave kids. porq tienen que venir para Venezuela, no se supone q son Cubanos?

 Shockingly, not everywhere with water has a significant amount of sharks which people notice. Nurse sharks and the like might well exist off the coast of Dorne, but until people start SCUBA diving in the Summer Sea no one would know. &gt; So what do you recommend I do if I want a job in scuba diving

don't get a job in scuba diving Tis true, but I'm sure there are plenty of adventures/experiences left. I never thought I would learn to SCUBA and swim with whales. Ride a camel in the desert or watch brain surgery.  I can help you with the incubation from now on LOL. Cuba seems really nice honestly. I would drive back to my parents house which is in a beach town and just go out on a boat with scuba gear and hide underwater away from shore Also remember Cuba's health care isn't only free it is some of the best available in the world. I'm not a fan of Castro or other state capitalists but he has certainly got some things right. The UN also played an important role in the Cuban missile crisis. One of my favorite scenes depicted in that movie 13 days about it. That might be in the bible but man is that fucking stupid. Nazi Germany, Italy under Mussolini, and Castro's Cuba were all put in place by God, huh? I mean... Most places who had the proposition turned Down can out it back on the ballot in 2016. And after the success stories of the other states... Only state i could see still holding it up after 2016 is florida. Gracias cubanos viejos... [It's not only fake, it's an old fake.](http://www.snopes.com/photos/animals/scubashark.asp) I actually grew up in Cuba. Most of the people in my family hate Castro. Most of the Cubans I know do too, but then again, I don't know every Cuban so I was curious to hear from others. It was Hawaiian bread.  It needed an incubator to emulate the south Pacific. Ok cool. My box code checked out, and they look real compared to the labels on cubancigarwebsite, probably just worrying over nothing since they are my first shipment. Do you freeze yours? and how long do you let them sit in preferred RH before smoking?  Calm down, Cuban. They have length and Dwight didn't play any games against us this year. Lets give them some respect. In Austin We Trust The bumbling higher ups kept them from catching the 19 year old Cuban.  I hear you. As a middle-class tentacle monster raising three squids, my biggest fear is a scuba diver wandering into my home. materva, 305s cigarettes, cheap cigar, agua de violetas, crack, pastelito, parking ticket, bag of Cuban coffee, cafetera Bradenton/Sarasota for boating, not so much for surfing and scuba diving though. Ya, I was actually wrong, I thought it was a 3 week incubation but I was mistaken.  Psn -Cubanito12345  Cubanito12345 30 hunter I can distract boomers and Crota for you really need raid gear  Well really before he went bubblegum pop he was "Cuban pitbull". This was when I use to listen to him. But if he was from new York it would probably by "Yankee yorkie" lol That is clearly Cuba Gooding Jr. Cmon now!
 I am the man who incubated the idea. An allusion to their part of the British invasion? "Why didn't we just DRIVE into Cuba during the missile crisis?"  Come say hi to us over at /r/scuba for some good tips! Is that meant to express disbelief at my statement that I grew up in Cuba? Well I imagine it's fine for SUP. Also, there most be some places to Scuba in the Tampa area, right? If you actually "grew up" in Cuba, you wouldn't be asking redditors what Cubans think of Castro.  Thanks, I made sure only to buy from LCDH. I was told it's the only store you can trust with cubans.

I did see a lot of obvious fakes in pretty much all the stores around though...  which one are you?
EDIT: i suck. nice to meet you scuba steve When people talk about the Castro they are talking about the Cuban government Why would a Cuban care? If you breath pure oxygen and scuba dive with it deeper than 12 feet, you'll go into convulsions and die. Ahh welfarecuban, the guy who turned "thug ridden city" into an /r/seattle drinking game Yeah it sounds delicious! Homemade seems to be the way to go then. Maybe make a Cuban sandwich with the fried pork to change it up a little? In all fairness...  Not a whole lot of Americans have seen Cuba lol Fun fact, 0:50 seconds is the only point they show anything that I would consider a potential enteric organism. That plate it's on looks (fittingly) like shit - probably been in the incubator for 2 weeks.  

The rest are probably normal skin flora. well, the Indiana traditionalists would cringe. Porn loin, pounded out flat to be 3x bigger than a regular bun, breaded and deep-fried, served with mayo and lettuce.  
BUT, heck yea, I think that would make an interesting twist on the cuban. Sailing is great and all, but scuba divers go deeper. no :/ is that all you can offer? /u/cubanpete26 is closest to confirming with me for it Mark Cuban is a shorter than Tyrion Lannister You're the first person to come back from Mexico with real cuban cigars!  Kudos on shopping LCDH!  Mmmm mental, emotional, social, or spiritual reward. That's why Cuba and Venezuela are so happy. I thought the one girl was wearing a scuba suit...... She's black I would not argue that either Cuba or Venezuela (or any country in modern history) has successfully implemented socialism. Obviously if were talking straight up Marxism any nation that still has a state isn't truly socialist.  If I've been teaching Marx? Cuba libre. Of course.  I'm a pretty sanitary person, but as an extra precaution, I think I might create an incubator sort of setup. Cubans still upset about Wade in the 2006 finals.  Firing shots at both Howard and Harden in ONE tweet. Cuban has definitely stepped up his twitter game I think it's a very deliberate homage to Jaques Cousteau, the guy who literally invented scuba diving. He also did documentaries, and that's what he sounded like.  Which is why infant mortality in the USA is higher than Cuba, Iran, Libya or Belarus.  Lol you wish the Lakers had Cuban.  Parkview has one of the best Cuban sandwiches i have ever eaten.  Isn't it already westernized? I mean can't citizens of literally every other country visit Cuba? Cuban should check out the high road some time, if for no other reason than to experience it for the first time.

now shower me with downvotes  Well, looks like youre right. I don't know who I'm thinking of then. Kindelan maybe? All I remember is he was Cuban. Seguro. un ejemplo como Cuba lo es de democracia, y Corea del Norte de respeto a los DH.  &gt;The incubation period ranges from several hours to two days. Cuban still angry that the Rockets beat 'em. Scuba diving, hiking and the sorts. Also table top games :D Cuba is socialist, NK is not I believe. I currently do it with my friends and my girlfriend. Some of them are easy some of them are just interesting. I was reading up on one that's in a lake by where I live and requires scuba gear to reach xD Inferring that there's ever a situation where Cuban wouldn't voice his opinion to everyone Telling your CUBAN grandmother you're not hungry... If you look at their status page(http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/he/en/status), scroll down and you can see what the first few lessons will be about. many countries had the decision to go with socialism or capitalism... compare the results of:

* North Korea vs. South Korea

* China vs. Taiwan

* East Germany vs. West Germany

* Cuba vs. Puerto Rico

Every country that has tried socialism has failed. Cuban should have complained about it like he did with Yao Are you building the scuba tank design?  The Pest, The Room, Red Zone Cuba, The Bad News Bears Go to Japan, American Ninja. 

These are some movies. Enjoy. What if I use an oxygen tank, like a scuba diver? Listen he renounced his Canadian citizenship. We don't want the fucker and he would be a Cuban/Amerian wetback here anyway. He's all fooking yours Yank and he is made in the U.S. of A.. Happy trails.

 Because they are.

See Cuba, Venezuela, Vietnam, North Korea and the USSR Florida is off my list. Cuba seems better and not far away. Scuba doo good thing he didn't put an emoji there or he might be fired from managing @mcuban Yeah, I've read that one of the expected outcomes the US loosening its travel restrictions on Cuba will be the rise of medical tourism to the island. I had never considered the Cuban landscape before this moment. All I think of with Cuba are dirty Havana streets. I need to read about the geography now. Also they have a scuba certified dog! Plus Hector Olivera, the praised hitter from Cuba that will deepen the lineup (taking over Uribe's spot, probably).  He could have vetoed that bill. He could pardon them. He could release them to Cuba. He could have them convicted of murder and executed.  Just like Cuban said - let's eliminate Harden from the game, then. For the fans! What about /u/cubanpete26? Scuba Doo Now time to enjoy cheap calling rates for Cuba. For a country that has lost against Vietnam, korea, Cuba, Somalia, Afghanistan and irak, they have a lot of trust in their military. Invading Cuba and pulling the air-support He's the Mark Cuban of the spider world. More like we're a colony of Cuba What incubator are you using? We just hatched 33 quail eggs with a success rate of about 20/33. ~Fidelito Castro, El Presidente de Cuba The Dallas Mark Cubans?  Would you like a plane ticket to Cuba?  Just when you think that just *maybe* Cuban learned his lesson, he goes and makes himself and Dallas fans look even worse than they already do.

Dallas, you are irrelevant, stop talking. Cubanate - Oxyacetylene. Or really anything Cubanate.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0utAzwzXVRU Celph Titled A.K.A. The Rubix Cuban, A.K.A. The Landmine Lieutenant, A.K.A. Fuckmaster Sex! This is either a southern gray tree frog or Cope's gray tree frog. They're all over Florida and Georgia. Certainly NOT a Cuban Tree Frog. I have one Explorien fig, but my 5yo son claimed it (it's current combine with Scuba Batman to make his own version of Space Batman). That reminds me that I have one Robo Force fig that I could add, though... God, why isn't this comment higher? There absolutely is a difference.  There's whatever happens leading up to the FT that has a chance of ending up as something other than a FT. Cuban salty af. JR's tacos. Its in a gas station on metric and cedar bend. I love the torta cubana. Your right SirPutts-a-lot

http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=but+Cuba When the universe was but an egg, it was incubated in the womb of the great ones. Now the hatching brings only madness. Time is a cracked shell. We must cut ourselves on the shards.  A girl smoking a Cuban cigar with her cunt It must have run off with Cuba! Yeah, we should totally continue that policy because it's worked so well with Cuba for the last 50 years.  Scuba ;) professores cubanos No, but the US army didn't invade Cuba when the Cuban Missile Crisis happened. The US still owns American Samoa which is closer to Australia and New Zealand than it is to Hawaii. They also used to own Cuba and the Philippines which they took from Spain after a war which could have been started by the US itself. &gt;  I don't want no scuba. Scrubs is a guys that can't get no love for me.

How drunk was this person? I dont think this reflects on Dallas fans at all.  It reflects on Cuban for being upset about last round.  At least he cares.  But it does come off as sour grapes. He doesnt bitch when Dirk flops.   That's disingenuous. You didn't tell us *why* the US army didn't invade Cuba during the Cuban Missile Crisis. It's been a while so I may be wrong, but if you get the vaccine before the virus finishes incubating, you should be fine. The incubation period is usually around 4 days to a week, but it's different for everyone. Cuba would probably frown upon public sex as well.  Invade Cuba-thon 2016 One-drop social contructions are weird. Here in Colombia, this man would not be black. Not even afro-cuban.  [Ed Robinson's Dive Adventures](http://www.mauiscuba.com/) is the outfit I have been out with several times.  We spent a week diving Molokini last year and had a great time.  [Here's a few pictures from my trip](http://imgur.com/a/sj4cF) &gt;There absolutely is a difference. 

Cuban's point is the audience just sit there watching a guy make free throws - which is one of the least exciting parts of the game. Scuba diving. Everywhere I go rents equipment, so I don't know why I insisted on owning my own gear..  Smoking REAL cubans on the beach in veradero cuba.. a very rare experience and one i would strongly suggest DOS CERVEZAS POR FAVOR!! I hope to do this some day! Hopefully I can find some legit Cubans, 'cause I'd like to celebrate my birthday while I'm there with a nice cuban and a beer (or two or three or more) Same - I feel like a wallet that goes underwater.  Course, gear, tanks &amp; air, more gear, more courses, more tanks &amp; air, scuba trip, tips,  repeat.   It's really easy to tell Cubans and Mexicans apart, but most British people I know can't manage it very well.  It's because we're not as different as we think (and that some of us would like to think). I sunbathed naked in Cuba and was alright. Didn't have anyone to have sex with though. Uhm... he's Cuban. And has a HISPANIC name... Can you define "Black"? Yeah, and I've been studying how to identify a legit Cuban. I'm pretty quick and generally don't miss many signs. Many countries have been boycotted. Cuba, Iraq, Iran, North Korea, South Africa, Russia.  The list is long. Claiming Israel is under boycott because some Jews live there is absurd. Cubanito12345 got 4 
 Fuck yeah! A true American hero there! I would've bought him a Cuban now that the embargo is lifted. I was learning how to scuba dive to get away from the nopes in the world.  Only to find out they are in the water too. scuba diving [Video of Scuba divers eating under water](https://youtu.be/L9mt3hwcrK8)


http://scuba.about.com/od/scubadivingfaqs/p/Eating-And-Drinking-Underwater-While-Scuba-Diving.htm I've had the exact same problem in the exact same spot! The only place that tends to be open late around there is the weird Cuban place just off Lower Marsh. Strange strange vibe in there - and everyone's absolutely steaming! The font for the quote and its header should probably be changed. It is an eyesore.

TrekConnect's Recommendation of the Week

"Life is short; but it barely takes a second to smile" - Cuban Proverb﻿" Was thinking for a second she was the fat white chick in the photo - you know, following the stereotype, trying to catch some big black cock. But nah, she's the thinner lass just trying to get Cuban Walt Disney to smother her with his Caribbean lizard. I nominate /u/cubanpete26  ^^^who ^^^damn ^^^well ^^^better ^^^nominate ^^^me ^^^back ^^^-.- Yeah, that is what it felt like to me.  That beating Dallas was enough.  That is unfortunate.  I mean beating Dallas felt amazing, especially after last summer and Cuban dropping those juicy quotes, but come on, keep winning! 1. Drain the pool.
2. Fill it with whiskey.
3. Drink whiskey.
4. "Fix" pool drunk.
5. Buy new pool.

You don't need any scuba gear. Cuban press. Always use light weight. If you can do that without problems you can proceed with the heavier excercices. Cuba Gooding Jr  I will always rent my scuba gear.  Unless I move next to a lake or start going 10 times a year! See this table, column "Days in phase → Egg": http://duolingo.wikia.com/wiki/Course_list 

For example, Spanish from Portuguese was incubating for only 27 days, while Polish from English has been in works for over 400 days and counting. Ehhahhh are ju for scubah spidair??? maybe they remember Batista...

Fulgencio Batista y Zaldívar was the elected President of Cuba from 1940 to 1944, and dictator from 1952 to 1959 We've got some "haunted roads"
Shoe factory road 
Cuba road
Rainbow road I was saying south florida is way more liberal than the rest of the state. We got that Latin Cuban influence so we party a lot more. So sex on the beach is a really common thing. While it can't be argued that he was a dictator, it can be argued what 'freedoms' the Cubans lost. They gained healthcare, education and better paying jobs. Far better off with Castro than Baptiste. [Little grimy vintage diver](http://imgur.com/1i6wtM6) (Seiko 4205-0150) on vintage regulator (Scubapro Mk. V). *[Verification](http://imgur.com/0VAuTif)* Skiing and boarding drunk is safer than riding high.

Edit: people are against a toke before scuba diving? But... but... he's a **socialist**!!! Are we so eager to follow the former Soviet Union, North Korea, China, Cuba, Venezuela into the trash bin of history? I'm glad Cuban will spend the extra buck or two and get really nice polyester shirts to give out instead of the lowest grade cotton possible.

In reference to their fans whining about the free shirts. I produce music, listening trough CuBase with audio interface Tascam US 144.. basically same quality from both the m50x and studio's.. :| wet foot/dry foot is still in effect. I heard it was on the table during the talks, and the Cuban government wants to get rid of it, but it hasn't changed yet. So yes? Scuba tanks as pressure tanks? I'm interested in this, if you build it please document your build.  My cover band and my experience working in a scuba shop always comes up.  An yet in their argument they completely forget how everything south of Orlando is North Cuba gez it's like this guy is not even from Florida  I have my "go to cigar" that changes every few months.  I usually include that in a trade or bomb.  Recently it's been cracker crumbs and cuban stock classic. I don't go out much, but according to my brother, who went a couple of years ago, it depends on the establishment, between 4-8€ for a cubata (soda+alcoholic beverage). In practice, that elimination of class distinction is done through violence (see USSR, Cuba, China, Cambodia, Vietnam, etc.). Elites and ideological opponents of socialism are simply tortured or killed.

Rather messy and unpleasant process. Just a last question that just came to me:

* Do you happen to know to what extent are these syncretic practices, practiced by the Cubans? Definitely more Cuban-inspired than actually Cuban.  I very loosely followed [this recipe](http://www.marthastewart.com/345047/cuban-black-beans). Possible other nicknames:
- Lechon
- The Cuban Missile Launcher
- Montecristo Didn't even make it halfway through his Netflix special. He spends too much time doing his stupid Cuban impression to get to the point of his story.  Daddy Yankee is Puerto Rican and Pitbull is Cuban. Lil Rob is tough though. Now just bring on the Cubans... GIRLS AND CIGARS  hah, it's slower going and not as noisy here so we're all a bit calmer i think than we had been over the road. 

it's like being on a Caribbean island compared to LA. So grab a rum (or a virgin cuba libre ;) ) and chiiilllll wiinnston time to board the "i hate cubans but live in a cuban city" circlejerk. These people risk their lives in search of a better livelihood, and all this sub does is hate. 

bring on the downvotes.    1. Visit Santorini, America, Venice (and so so many more countries) and retire in UK
2. Watch the northern lights and meteor showers
3. Scuba dive 
4. Tomorrowland 
5. Watch United at Old Trafford (seriously seriously hope I can one day) 

 Step 1 and 2 noted.
Using Amazon for Step 3 SCUBA Mask and Step 4 Vit-E and Bio-Oil.  Incubator pros:

* guidance for a first time entrepreneurs
* help decipher what's important / not important
* clients 
* hype 
* press
* investor intros

Incubator cons:

* large percentage relative to financing amount
* need to fit their mold Spaniards basically migrated en masse and then called it Mexico. Such bullcrap.


It also works with Cuba! Or Colombia! I'm pro-choice but I'd be okay with calling forced termination against the mothers will murder. 

I justify this by being against forcing a woman to be an incubator against her will and also being against a crazy bitch cutting a baby out of a woman.  is that some [Stalinist style photo editing](http://therealrevo.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/commissar-600x207.jpg) in the picture with Cuba? &gt;Americans are still not allowed to travel to Cuba for tourism under the terms of the U.S. embargo on Cuba that remains in place. Only Congress can lift the embargo. This isn't the place to discuss this, but a woman isn't be forced to be an incubator.

I mean, she decided to have sex. That carries risk if done improperly.

You do something that has consequences, then you bitch about the consequences? There are white people who live in Cuba and Columbia.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_Cuba#Racial_groups

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_ethnicity_in_Colombia

 HOVABATOR 1602N KITS from incubator warehouse with the fan kit and the egg tilter. I got 15 out of 48 on my first try. None of them died. For quail I got 15 out of 48, and four of them died.  Are you exporting as Wav? If so, make sure your export properties (sample rate) match the project settings entirely.

http://en.wikiaudio.org/Cubase:Sample_rate And if they do, it's paid "leave" for a few weeks in Cuba. You mean like cuba?  /u/cubanpete26 ;) I was addressing this line:

&gt; Then I searched him on wikipedia and realized he is actually not white but Cuban/Colombian

 Yeah, he is.  Younger and newly arrived Cubans are much more likely to approve of  normalizing relations with Cuba.

http://news.fiu.edu/2014/06/cuban-americans-favor-a-more-nuanced-policy-toward-the-island/78799

 The dude made Jaws, that seems like the least over-the-top movie I could think of that's about a giant shark terrorizing a town and a sheriff, Token Beard Man, and Captain Ahab sailing out to blow it up with a scuba tank. Cuban rum is pretty good too. 

Havana Club anyone? This is great news! I'm sure the Cuban government will let the Cuban people take the ferry ride to the US anytime they want? Hey I sent a request bro its cuban-b-420 I've seen teachers do that in the US. My Spanish teacher used to tease me and a couple other kids for having Cuban and Dominican accents. Although to be fair, we really had it coming for taking a Spanish class when we already spoke Spanish. Hell, even the folks at /r/scuba Good riddance! Quick hits were a glitch which you were exploiting. Take your boyfriend Straps with you and retire in Cuba. I'm a bit confused. If it seems that Raul is in favor of gay marriage, what's stopping it from legislation being passed? I don't really understand Cuban politics.  Quick question, does the water turn off at certain intervals and then back on to knock them off? Because they can't spawn in water can they, unless they're one of Etho's scuba spiders? Rubber inner tube industry is gonna collapse in Cuba. Oy cubanpete could I get the  last swablu? 
I put up a level 1 female spoink :) Gay rights activists in Cuba will hold a mass wedding this weekend, in a country where gay marriage is still not legal.
 I've already said to my friends that I'm voting for the one willing to lift the embargo on Cuba. That's all I want. You mean cuban foot/hatian foot right? Is it irony that the party thats (supposed to) stand(s) for the smallest government is the one arguing against commercial travel to Cuba? 

Key word is *supposed to*, I guess

E:a thing Thanks cubanpete26 (tab tab tab tab, why you no work). :P

 I really don't see it but ok. It's just some ralphie may joke, he used to live here and called south Florida north Cuba. It was hilarious Had that happen the other day. "You know how I told you that I Scuba dove cenotes?" "Uhhh, no?" The Cuban people deserve some too.
 and a bunch of Cubans will make a decent amount off money of that too. some might strike it big too  Im very excited for the day i will be able to freely travel to cuba. Amazing food beautiful women and scenery a day ive been dreaming about since i was young... Truly your cat is awesome :3

and scuba is a really good name i hope you don't mind if i use that one day :v Haha aww thanks!!  Actually I have two cats, Nova too!  She's a bit grumpier but I love her all the same!  Scuba's name used to be Squeegee, but that was a name my ex gave her so I changed it when we broke things off. wonder who the 1st American sap to be executed in Cuba for smuggling drugs is gonna be? They take that shit pretty serial down there Has the Cuban government relaxed their policy on Freemasonry in recent years?  I met a brother once who left Cuba several decades ago who said that his lodge had to meet in secret because Castro had outlawed Freemasonry. you need any help with the incubation?
I see it online Dear God Big Business? I'm usually pretty open about what people like but that band is horrible. Like, one of the worst bands to release music. Why the fuck would Cuban want to hear that?  The chippers are good but definitely the Cuban sandwich is one if the best things there one of the best things there. As many Cuban's have fled to America.  What is the general attitude of Cuban's in regards to American's coming to visit?  shit now cuba is gonna take up all the tourists..  OMG.  Scuba looks like my cat Milo but  way skinnier  [(verified on another post.)](http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/comments/34yd52/reply_from_ssi_regarding_the_video_of_the/cqzm70c) If you go to cuba, try to bring as many flash drives as possible, their internet essentially runs off of them. You would be doing those people a massive favor Can't see why not travellers from the rest of the world go to Cuba without any hassle What about SuccuBacchus The last execution in Cuba happened in 2003... Wait, americans can't go to Cuba?? This is something I didn't know.  To ad to my post now I'm home my humidor has a gauge on the front that's at 75% on hygrometer is that ok?

What he gave me are

La Gloria cubana
Something that says hb 1959 on it
Balmoral Churchill tubos
Pardon handman
Run runners Caribbean 
 Unless she's in Cuba, most of that money made it's way back to the US. All I want to know is when can I take a road trip down to Florida on my motorcycle and then end up riding it around fucking Cuba.  Can the ferries transport non-U.S. residents (tourists), whose governments don't restrict their travel to Cuba?  Ok, lucky you ! I'm stuck in Canada. I would love to visit the world. The only two countries I visited were Cuba and USA. (Also Lebanon, but I was too little to remember) The United States, as a sovereign nation, can choose to trade or not to trade, with any country it pleases. It's not America's fault that Cuba cannot prosper without trading with the US. Anybody who actually knows, can you give me the run-down on the current state of government oppression and totalitarian rule in Cuba? It's my understanding that it has not ended. Cuba is. I'm on my way to the uh....Cuban Ultimate Frisby league? Distant cousin of Scuba perhaps?? All I saw in Cuba was Asian and European cars. Did not see many old American cars. Yes, it very well could be. Like I say, I've spent a great deal of time in Cuba, and one of my greatest joys is talking politics. There more I go, the more complex of a picture emerges. Opinions on local politics are diverse to say the least. 

 Women in STEM are definitely NOT like women in "women's studies."  

Women in STEM are the kind of woman who would rather drink rum on a boat after a long hard day of scuba diving and collecting data.... erm, some of them are, anyways.  If you have a sweet tooth, Legendario Elixir de Cuba is what you should look for:
http://i.imgur.com/2GFRpkI.jpg Just saying, Mavs can't go up or down. NBA hell is what Cuban has called that. Bienvenidos Cuba! True, I am an anti-castro myself since I lived how bad it was/is over in Cuba, she is one of the few that really pictures the reality over there, keep in mind that she writes in spanish and people translate it to english. Well, they come from being entitled too - especially in a centrally planned economy where money is handed out to friends more than it is actually earned.

Look at Mark Cuban. He's rich off of a taxpayer funded arena. I wish the best for cubans.
But this scares me out: http://time.com/3711260/hiv-strain-cuba/ Ron Cubay is good too! I swam in Jenny lake at the foot of the Grand Tetons which has a cobbly bottom near shore. Having my scuba mask I could see well and in the 15 minutes that I was swimming I found about a dozen lures. I gave them to fisherman at the shore. MacDonalds is already gearing up the McCubano.  Awesome!  I will include them back into the big incubator I think. Thank you for the tips, I really appreciate it!  I thought this article from Mark Cuban is spot on http://blogmaverick.com/2012/03/18/dont-follow-your-passion-follow-your-effort/ Lol, Cuba isn't Russia
And it's not the 60s/70s anymore  Scuba steve http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/comments/34twcb/dm_harassing_an_octopus/ Haha, ohhaithere fellow Cubao dweller. Here is the receipt... The domain name (http://virtualatm.net) at the bottom points to a Godaddy default page :-) 1776 is a tech co-op / incubator in DC. http://postimg.org/image/lh9fkfll7/ And when is the US government going to demand reparations for the private property stolen by the Cuban government? Well, I am part Cuban, so yeah I could do it, but I love all kinds of junk food, so pizza and Chinese would be great too. Yeah right.  They'll bottom dollar them just like they do everyone else.

"You know $14.00 is a lot of money for a Cuban... I was doing HIM a favor." Mfw I'm Cuban american reading these Cuba threads

 :D  Cuba is amazing. Foods awful, but the beaches are stunning.  Booze cruises to Cuba.

Every day.  Twice a day.  I guarantee you.

Cuba is about to be hit with a shitload of shitfaced Americans.

And they'll probably be thankful for it ("Liquored-up yanks with more money than sense?  Yes, please!" says Cuba). If I claimed I wanted to educate myself about Cuban rum and women, do you think they'd approve my permit application? Well those are resorts. I found the actual island of Cuba was much more interesting than the resort.  So I'm a Cuba newbie, have there not been any vehicle manufacturers shipping to Cuba?  Thinks government can tell a free citizen they can't travel to Cuba.  No, just no. Yep, republicans are telling Americans where they cannot travel to. They are just as bad as the Cuban government in that regard.  Cuba has strayed from [Soviet Mother Bear](http://imgur.com/dGVF2i2)
It should be ashamed She says "overcooked runt", not "undercooked"; she was left incubating in the Kindergarten too long, probably due to the Crystal Gems winning the war and them not finding her until however long afterwords. I just checked the clip to make sure. Cuba offered it in the 1960s.  &gt; A Peugeot running $53,000 in the UK, for example, can reach prices as high as $262,000 in Cuba.

There's a £35,000 Peugeot? I'm forming a new religon, based on cigars, rum, and Cuban cuties. Americans legally controlled 3/4 of the landmass of Cuba.  I am fairly positive that due compensation has not been offered. \&gt;Mfw I'm also Cuban and seeing the words "Cuba" and "Cuban" all over Reddit lately.

\&gt;Mfw I find another Cuban on Reddit. Can I ask a follow-up pirate question? How was sunken treasure recovered back before scuba gear was invented? What?  Car collectors generally go for "numbers matching" cars.  You are talking of a "resto-mod" which is nowhere near as valuable generally speaking.  These Cuban cars are neat but 50+ years of daily use will have destroyed any value they once had. Europeans and Canadians have been enjoying Cuba safely for years. Lol Cuba will do no such thing. Why put them in museums when people will come to see them on the road!  No they won't. Cuban government will have everything on lock down for the next 20 years. You may think that closer ties to the US solves everything, but the problems facing Cuba are legacy and complicated. And Cubans of course cant travel here.  Gov imports them for $8,000 USD and resells them for $48,000 USD to Cuban businesses. 100% of business in Cuba is government operated. Let's hope their communist ideals hold up against the neo-capitalist regime. 

Edit: I meant all the Corporations that bought up the return tickets on the ferry back to Cuba. I hope Cubans never try to recreate a free market economy. Thankfully, many are very supportive of maintaining the socialist state. &gt; **Americans** are still not allowed to travel to Cuba

 And since the fucking Cuban govt is still a dictatorship, we wont see any Cubans here on reddit commenting


 Trust me, there's very little to like about vacationing in Cuba. Yes they could physically stop me entering the dock in Florida, but why? There is no law stopping non-Americans going to Cuba.  But you can go under an education visa. In which case you simply book with a tour operator that claims to be educational. "Today's class is on Cuban beaches".


Ways around everything. Conan did an hour long web chat about his trip to Cuba. It's on youtube if  you're interested.  Bingo that's the only downside. Right now Cuba is way cheaper than say the dominican republic  People: Great! A ferry to beautiful Cuba!

Government: Yup!

People: Can we use it?

Government: Nope!   That is an option, though it can be quite expensive (and most of those flights are also run by Cubana, not the safest I've heard). That said I'm sure the ferry won't be cheap. And today a cuban redditor discovered that the only other cuban redditor alongside him/her is named JackMeoffPlease Wouldn't New Cuba call itself Nueva Cuba? Honestly. They'll get a ton of foreign investment, but all the profit is going to go into whatever fat cat sets up shop. The cubans will just end up being the maintenance crew to their own country. Cuba Gooding Jr told that story already in Pearl Harbor. A luxury house boat. Take a year long scuba vacation around the world. It's like the government is a shitty genie. We wished for a ferry to Cuba, but forgot to wish for permission to use it. Or when the US forces their corporations to pay Cuba and the rest of Latin America for decades of crop exports where practically no profits went to the national governments because US corporations just wouldn't pay taxes. That's why Cuba has better doctors than the U.S. Look it up. A cuban peso is 3 cents American.  Where'd you get 87? Why did we really reopen relations with Cuba? The rum labelled as Caney is made in the old Bacardi distillery.  However, its about remains a out as much Bacardi as Bacardi remained Cuban.  WE GOIN TO CUBA BOYZ! REAL CUBAN CIGARS ! WOOHOO ! I don't smoke , even cigars but when I can Cubans are the only thing worth smoking . The are available in some cigar shops Known as the "Daily Special " , but who the hell wants to pay $35. for a Cigar worth $5. If you take a fresh peacock egg and incubate it you'll have a brand new peacock in a few weeks with no amount of work. _And_ it will pass through airport security. What happens to Cubans seeking asylum now?  Are they still getting on boats and seeking political asylum when they hit florida or has that way of achieving legal residency ended for them?   I'm all for normalizing relations with Cuba, but gay prostitution?  There's been an unofficial ferry running from Cuba to Florida for years. You have to swim the last bit though.  Cuba is like the hot young Latin chick you date get in a nasty break up with and fall in love with years later. Seeing how amazingly productive and useful the current US Congress is, Cuba can be apart of Canada and the embargo still won't be lifted.  can think of no classier way to get to Cuba!  awesome!  Right. Almost exactly what they fought to overthrow. As more American money that gets tied up there, you know the US will do it's best to elect some puppets for the Cubans. Hey, am I late? Cuban here, Miami  Meh or you can just fly in via Canada or Mexico. Cuba doesn't stamp your passport they just slip a piece of paper in it so there's no Cuba stuff on your passport.  That's one tall Kubrow! My newest incubation is the same height.. I was really hoping he was gonna be a tiny as well. According to Orthodox Christianity, yes they do, and that's why parents will take the child out of the incubator and to a church to baptize it, so the Original Sin will be forgiven.

(I'm an atheist by the way) Interesting. Generally, cuban-americans have been against ending the embargo. Because you can already hang with them everywhere else? Cuba was kind of like...the world's tropical getaway from them, and could be super cheap at the same time. No they can now open small businesses like restaurants. It's still limited, but things move slowly in oppressive regimes and any change is positive for the Cuban economy.  I think that's a great idea, but people are only human, and sometimes passion will win out over safety. Passion's victory should not mean forced incubation. People who don't realize the rest of the world has been visiting Cuba already.  Not sure heard of that one, I have smoked one called a Cubao, old Eddie Ortega, and Eric Espinosa where amazing.  Doing well brother, hope you are as well my friend! Why is Cuba still ostracized?  Lessening of trade restrictions is good but why is there still an embargo in place? I was under the impression that you can go to Canada, then to Cuba from Canada if it's for leisure.  I hope in 5 years time we see some kind of crossover reality show.  Like the dudes from Gas Monkey paired up with a few of these scrappy  Cuban mechanics.  I am not even a car guy and I would watch the fuck out of that show. Canadians and other world residents don't need a permit. The Land of The Free prevents their own citizens from visiting Cuba, not the other way around. Who's "we"?  No one from Cuba has ever been my enemy. Probably because they are snobs and want generic super resorts with cheesy shows and water slides and not authentic places with soul. I will take a simple cuban resort over some Atlantis anyday.  I'm tired and my eyes hurt and I swear when I first saw your user name it was ilikethecocaine. So I thought to my self, yup! His user name checks out, he def wants to go to Cuba. &gt; Food was horrible.

Really? Cuban food in Miami and South Florida in general is great. I'm a little disappointed to hear that Cuban food *in Cuba* isn't at least as good as it is here.  And the first people on the ferry TO Cuba will be a boatload of FBI agents looking for Joanne Chesimar.

I guarantee it. There's already flights from Miami to Cuba.  And I do. The Cuba Democracy Act forbids US citizens from travelling to Cuba. I am not an American citizen.  I saw a documentary on Netflix awhile back showing the technological advances in Cuba using pieces of toys, clothes, and basically any day to day object they have, since they did not have much access to manufactured goods. As a non US citizen, what local laws would I be breaking by traveling to Cuba? Beautiful blue Caribbean waters, cigars, delicious coffee, Cuban sandwiches, the jazz clubs. Wtf did you do there? Cuba is amazing.  I don't think men are forced to incubate, though. Just pay money. There is a pretty big difference when a person's *body* is involved, don't you think? *Running down to Cuba with a load of sugar,*

*Weigh, me boys, to Cuba!*

*Make her run you, lime juice squeezes,*

*Running down to Cuba.*  visiting Cuba and buying Cuba are two different things, mi amigo.   This movie [Havana Motor Club](https://vimeo.com/123633476) looks like it gets into great detail of their mechanics and classic cars in Cuba. All those U.S. sanctions on Cuba sure made a difference.  Cubans becoming obese in 3, 2, 1 ..... That's from Canada. As a Canadian I'm free to go to Cuba as much as I want. It depends if the ferry departs from Key West(the closest point to Cuba which is only 90 miles away) or Miami. It seems the plan are for during the day service from Key West and Overnight service from Miami or Fort Lauderdale  It's my understanding that these flights are only for Cuban-americans, and for other Americans with authorisation; is this the case? And the US forbids travel to Cuba. So you won't be going there from here regardless of where you are from unless that happens to be from Cuba. And then just maybe.  There was a poster that hung in my elementary school of a scuba diver next to a blue whale underwater, from far away so you could see how huge the whale was...  I remember seeing it at age 9 and feeling queezy....  Still makes me nauseas to think of it If you want to educate yourself about Cuban rum and women, you can come to Manhattan. Just because Cuba has been on the US's shit list doesn't mean Cuba has been 100% cut off from the rest of the world. Nothing, unless you're using the ferry or are getting involved with US Customs in any way, shape, or form. If you travel non-stop from Canada, Germany, or any other starting point in a nonstop flight from not-US to Cuba, then you're golden. Born in cuba, that makes four. :D http://www.reddit.com/r/cigars/comments/vhmkp/us_citizens_and_cuban_cigars/ I was born in Cuba but my parents left when I was too young to form any lasting memories. I can't wait to go back to my birthplace. No reason to stop off in America at all then while traveling. Guess Cuba gets 100% of the money and the US gets none.  welp as a Canadian time to book my vacation to cuba before it becomes too expensive That's why America is opening up to Cuba now. Must. Get. More. Cocaine. basically the miami-Havana route would be like a cruise ship( a cruise ferry to be more presence, these are all over the place in europe but rare in the US), while Key West-Cuba would likely be like a normal ferry that takes several hours(it's 90 miles) You did not. any decent resort in Cuba will run you at least a G note Eventually?  Yes.

Right now?  No.  But if you're interested head over to /r/cubancigars.  For legal reasons /r/cigars rules are much like Fight Club rules 1 and 2 when it comes to Cuban cigars. We here in southern Florida are pretty accustomed to Cuban food. It is delicious.  you forget that the situation for years has been wet foot dry foot, if you make it to the US shores from Cuba, you are considered a legal immigrant. This will likely end once relations are fully normalized  "The U.S. government has authorized..." *sigh*
"commercial ferry service to Cuba." Oh...that's actually quite pleasant.

I'll just be sure to skip the article where police murder another person and today just may end positive. Spring Break in Cuba there is two types of Cuban peso. one for domestic use and one for foreigners to use. Source: went to Cuba so the whole plan of americunts was to make Cuba just another destination for sexual tourism? I've never been to Cuba but I've done a lot of searching and price comparisons. If you want something half decent, it's at least $700-1200pp taxes in.  it's 140 km from Key West to Cuba so can i travel to cuba yet or nah? i have my side chick over there Now reddit can see what a glorious progressive utopia Cuba is!!!!!! It's possible the name New Cuba is external to the nation. That because of all the Cubans pouring into the area, people just started calling it New Cuba. Perhaps the actual inhabitants have a different name for the place.  You want Raekwon. Listen to Only Built for Cuban Linx. Actually i am quite happy i can fly from Toronto to see family in Florida and fuck off to cuba from there.  You should add on a feature for dating, call it "scuba singles." Thought of this awhile ago but the domain was already registered. And I don't know shit about app/web development. I smoked a Cuban once. It was good. But not that special.  I am Cuban, so I probably have family over there. Could I actually go and say I am trying to find family theoretically? There is really noone who approves you before you get on the ferry, it is really all just paperwork once you return? God Mark Cuban is such a douche. I still want to be his friend though, that's what makes it even worse. A Cuban in Miami, no way! Another Cuban here! I'm all the way up in Illinois! I agree with going to Santorini, it's gorgeous. Also, I had a great time in Naxos, SCUBA diving and riding four wheelers around the island.   Also, Cuban Pete.

I'd like a Rhumba beat. I found the poverty of the island interior appalling. It will be interesting to see if the lifting of the embargo makes a difference, or if the Cuban leadership keeps all the profits. Cuban Blunts. How else are they going to ship all the jobs over there? If you think the United States suddenly gave a shit about the Cuban people, you are delusional. That place is going to turn into Puerto Rico 2.0. That's for 2-3 star in Cuba. I wouldn't go for anything less than 4. It is the worst rum that the Cubans have to offer.

There is fantastic tobacco and rum down there, however a lot of the hype is merely that it's illegal for Americans. Except he was talking about american cars. 

Sorry but there's not much allure for most non american cars, that went to Cuba. 

 Pretty decent downside, last time I went to Cuba I paid 700 all inclusive flights included.. couldn't get much cheaper than 1000+ anywhere else, though the resort wasn't the nicest I admit. That said, I fully support improved US-Cuba relations  &gt; many still want the destruction of Cuba.

Is that why relations with Cuba are finally normalizing? How long a ferry ride would that be? Being able to do day trips to Cuba would be so cool. fly from the east coast? Halifax does direct flights into Cuba. Or at least used too. I just want an Authentic Cuban Cigar.   But per the article, we have to wait for an act of congress for tourism to Cuba to be approved... Cuba might be poor, but so is every other island in the caribbean. Cuba is much better off than, say, haiti.  The ferry service is for people that are allowed to travel to Cuba anyway and it lists those that are allowed.
So no spring break in Cuba yet. so they really are basing russ off mark cuban  I've heard that the lower pollution from heavy boat traffic has made Cuban waters the cleanest in the Gulf. Bringing more tourists could have an impact on what makes the beaches so good. There's a reason Cubans have to pick up hitch-hikers by law. It's basically the only way of getting to work for many people. My source is being told this by a Cuban hitch-hiker, and seeing quite how common it was. Cars are not easy to come by. How long does it take to get to Cuba from Florida by ferry? There are new cars in Cuba, just not new American cars. We're the only people the blockade applies to, the rest of the planet is free to do what they want with Cuba.  Is it irony that the party that's supposed to stand for regulation is the one arguing for commercial travel to Cuba? Those protests were in Hong Kong, not the Mainland.  
The last time something like that happened in the Mainland there were between 200 and 2500 killed protesters.  
Cuba wouldn't do something like that. Makeshift. I saw a car with domestic window glass in its doors, complete with edges that looked like they'd been shaped with a chisel.

American cars in Cuba with a few exceptions are mostly of the "barn find" category. More likely now that Obama has started the process of normalization with Cuba.  I know this is an important moment but all I can think about is Cuban sandwiches. That is a matter of opinion.

Since I'm getting the downvote anyways I'll be more direct. Moving from California to South Florida: Cuban food is awful.  Get Jerry Jones and Cuban together to bribe the NHL to hold the winter classic vs Minnesota in Dallas.  A ton of Cubans do ride mopeds So, you're in Cuba.  How's the internet speed?  Something tells me smuggled Cubans aren't the same same as what the castros are smoking.  Well ...im canadian soooo ... O MAN Cuba si ! 10 hours from Miami, that ferry will be overnight. From Key West, it will definitely be much shorter time wise and will be during the day(Miami is 240 miles from Cuba, While Key West is 90 miles from Cuba)  This is sound advice in most cases even outside Cuba. cuban cigars tell me now or die

#cubancigars Drugs are not common in Cuba.... flash drives? Why not just bring an external USB HD? Some are thinner then a deck of cards and can hold about 2 TB. That's a lot of TV shows in SD quality.  Enough to keep the Cuban people watching Game of Thrones and many other shows for a long time.  yay off to cuba i go! :-p Uhmm I've traveled to Cuba a bunch and not once have I ever flew out to the east coast, it's always a direct flight, takes about 2 1/2 - 3 1/2 hrs Wow, that's actually kind of dumb. I wonder what kind of law would force the plane out of US airspace all because it's going to Cuba (assuming it had to fly over the Atlantic because it was going to Cuba)... You dont have to massacre people if you quitely take out the 1 leading dissenter. and its not like the people of Cuba dont want more economic freedom. otherwise there would be no black market or you know... people swimming to the US. We have a Cuban, a Hispanic, an Indian, a black man, 2 women, 4 white men, one of which is married to a Hispanic woman all running for President. I think that is pretty awesome.  It scares me that this guy is scuba diving and doesn't know water filters light. Cubans don't have convertible currency and most would have now way to afford even inexpensive parts from overseas.  If you are interested in Cuba, go now. Many, many foreign companies have activated plans to open up business in Cuba. Once Del Sol, Marriott, and Taco Bell start opening stores all over the island, it's going to change Cuba. Seems like a lot of people ITT watched the episode of Conan about Cuba... Perhaps we can use Cuba for a staging area to invade Texas. Aguante Cuba! Shouldn't the Cubans be running the ferries? They have been making the trip for years. I have a Cuban girlfriend, and may one day have little Cubanitos of my own if everything works out......can I join in by association? I promise to bring rum :D Hopefully not. The last thing Cubans need is more U.S. Capitalism  I feel like most of the appeal of Cuban cigars are their sense of exclusivity because they're contraband 8. Support for the Cuban people

Wouldnt everyone fall under that? if you buy anything in cuba aren't you supporting the people? Are you guys just commenting without reading the article? It seems like OP accidently posted a link about a ferry to Cuba and no one else has mentioned it... Cubans that immigrated from Russia.  PSA: go visit Cuba before America destroys it :-p Can you get me a box of Cubans? I don't quite understand why you keep repeating "cuban cigars" like we have some kind of aversion to it? The man answered your question, he then went further to tell you what you could do if you are truly interested in them now.  I don't see how else it would have been possible to get to Cuba that fast if we didn't I'm sure. Never had a Cuban Stock, so I'm looking forward to trying one of these. They do have a [distribution map](http://www.warpedcigars.com/pages/retailers) on their website where all you can find warped cigars in B&amp;Ms

Edit: Easter Egg, zoom into the cuban location My ex-gf was also a fair skinned Cuban and she would often turn around to cuss out Mexicans for making sexually suggestive comments while standing in lines or out and about in Atlanta.   First US opens up relations with Cuba, and now Alberta has elected an NDP government.  What's next, a gay president? Just a warning if you plan to drive in Cuba... If you get in an accident they can tie you up for a very long time.

https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2010/08/06/man_stranded_in_cuba_is_back_home.html I thought Cubans actually had really great healthcare?  I always understood that to being one of the country's plus sides. I think he is making a joke about how we aren't supposed to talk about cuban cigars (just like fight club isn't supposed to talk about fight club). The only thing is that his humor is not exactly getting rave reviews... On its way to Cuba it is empty.  On its way back, is loaded with cigars. You have been exiled from /r/CubanExpatsWithAnAxeToGrind Cubans on Reddit? Sounds like Yumas in Cuba. Asere ! if you've never been to Cuba remember this rule of thumb..

A 4 star in Cuba is equal to a 2 star. 
 You sure it wasn't a Dominican with Cuban papers? &gt; Hey now, us Canadians dibs'd Cuba first. You guys can have Mexico or something..

It's okay, they letting us have the Tim Horton's franchises.

 I am not a rum fan, but I got a bottle of 7 year old from Cuba and it was simply amazing.
 So what's the deal with Cuban cigars now? Ebaumsworld, Something Awful, and LUE on Gamefaqs were the original incubators for what we now think of as chan culture. Really more LUE and Ebaums than SA, the Goons were kind of their own thing. I'm about to go to Cuba for the first time.  I'm getting there just in time! I don't even like to scuba dive on GTA I thought the OP was making a joke about how Cubans already ferry themselves over in old cars, not that the cars are actually worth anything.  Cubans are going to be ecstatic now that they have access to original parts for their classic cars.   Does anyone else really want to go to Cuba now? Joke I tell often is, "Georgia is as far south you can go without getting to North Cuba". I really dig the way you have everything set up. I'd be interested in hearing what my home land is like so long in the future. Iran, Iraq, Russia,  South Africa,  North Korea, Cuba, Syria, Ukraine.

Not one of them claim to be a Jewish state. Israel isn't a special snowflake. The roll is what makes a Cuban a Cuban. Its not because "the tobacco is better", the best tobacco isn't even cuban They cruise lines will send their ships to Cuba instead. Since it's so much closer, they'll save a ton on fuel, and the novelty of it will draw more people. He has a slight case of the scuba-eyes, adorable!  Yeah, but I like to breath free air. Got my deep diver SCUBA certification but that's deep enough for me, I think. Nice to see the Florida based Cubans who all think they are someday going to return to Cuba and have the country handed back to them have been marginalized.  They had a good run unfortunately.  Add to that, chuck capital at Miami so that you can colonise the Caribbeans faster. Cuba is probably within range for the recall send trick. Repost from 4 days ago; http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/comments/34k0zo/marine_life_harassment_by_ssi_instructor_mark/ I built one last week for my incubator and it was so easy I built another for my smoker and I feel a little ... sheepish I spent $70 on the one I have on my kegerator, now. http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/comments/34k0zo/marine_life_harassment_by_ssi_instructor_mark/ That is a 1 day old repost. Mine was 4 days ago. http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/comments/34k0zo/marine_life_harassment_by_ssi_instructor_mark/ Not a stock, but a basket of stocks: [Herzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund](http://www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/cuba) (NASDAQ: CUBA) ? No part of my scuba training brought that up, nor is it a necessary or even particularly useful thing to know. I don't know what part about this scares you. &gt; Zino Davidoff started the cigar operation in Cuba, and he also started basically the same setup in the Dominican Republic.

yes.

 Cuba has long supported listening posts for China and Russia to spy on the US. The issue goes beyond human rights.  I'm glad they lifted the embargo. Some day I wish to visit Cuba and check out the vintage cars.  The last thing we need is *more* Cubans in Florida I hope you were prepared for the shit storm of "do you knew *nothing* about Cuban cars?!" replies. Happened to me. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/32li89/obama_removes_cuba_from_state_sponsor_of_terror/cqcb147 Cuban refugees living in America* have been against it. 

The majority of the Cuban Americans I know (South FL) are okay with the new policy.  "Support for the Cuban people"

You're supporting Cuban business people - particularly rum distilleries, bars, and other, er... professionals.  *Weigh, me boys, to Cuba!*

*Running down to Cuba.*


*O, I got a sister, she's nine feet tall,*

*Weigh, me boys, to Cuba!*

*Sleeps in the kitchen with her feet in the hall.*

*Running down to Cuba.* Ferry service most likely means the ship returns to the U.S. which means Cubans will find a way to come back on said ferry i really have to get my ass in gear and visit Cuba before Murica wrecks it..  Also a great way to get yourself arrested as a spy. Things aren't as hostile as they have been recently but you wouldn't be the first person arrested for bringing in computer equipment into Cuba.  Another Cuban on Reddit named Eddie? Is your real name Eduardo? * Quitting [ insert habit/hobby ] is like getting paid to not to [ insert habit/hobby ]
* Quitting Scuba diving is like getting paid not to scuba dive.  Russia, Mongolia, Hungary, Romania. Do you want them all?

Stories. Shit, that's a loaded question. A highlight would have to be meeting an Aussie expat in a tiny village in Russia by complete chance and sharing in some gin and Cubans! I just took my first weekend course for scuba PADI training last month and the instructor talked about colors being filtered... Tourist areas are actually the least safest parts of Cuba. Cuban-American in San Francisco checking in! Its an amazing experience when a 2 foot long fish slaps you in the face and knocks your mask loose when scuba diving. You don't think there will be a lucrative market for Cuban cars? Just for the novelty of it? Cuba's finally fucked now... All those American Tourists will make the bay of pigs look like an awkward encounter why i love scuba diving Aloha. /r/cubaomasterrace Just because the US govt allows taco bell to build restaurants in Cuba doesn't mean Cuba will let them To be honest when I went to Cuba, it was kind of a dump. Everything was dirty and rundown and impoverished, this was about 10 years ago. Well it is. The Americans are going to destroy Cuba Cuba has rum in a juice box

https://youtu.be/8w-5XJWORWs?t=87 I remember reading about Project Bluebeam. It stated that they were going to use satellites that were in orbit to make a hologram of Jesus telling the Cubans to overthrow Castro. I'll find a link. makes me wonder about the Cuban one we'll open soon. This is how Obama gets the Cubans in Florida to vote democrat. Same way he gets everyone else to vote democrat. Hands them stuff.  land of the free

except travel to cuba

lmao Im betting we are gonna see the US trying to annex Cuba or influence it so much with culture, that they are gonna to choose it themselves  Yeah if I'm not swamped trying to get this thing off the ground. Hit up Scuba Steve when you get into the app. As a teenager in South Florida, I'm happy.

Cuban girls are crazy but extremely hot Americans have always been allowed to travel to Cuba. Tons of my family have been, they just fly to Canada first. I still have 8 bottles from my recent trips to Cuba. I tipped my room cleaner and she brought me 4 bottles last time ! I think Cuba would be stupid to take these cars off the road. It's a huge selling point to tourism. Did Cuba or any other Carribean nations have any relationships with USA/Dixie or others? The US-Cuba history is a quite interesting one in real history, I'd be interested to hear how it turned out in this alt. #CubanCigars

Yes I don't agree sometimes

#CubhamCigharz It's just quite bland compared to the Cuban food you'd eat for example in Florida, as they don't have much access to quality ingredients The feels. Scuba Steve! Damn you!  Cuban rum is delicious.  The deep dive poo - when it charges into the water and then GUUUULLLPPP, the scuba poop explores the toilet. Unlike the dolphin I can get a scuba tank. Not really a good point by Cuban. Seeing a team run an offense and earn FTs is the difference not the free throws themselves. The problem with Hack-a-whoever is that we don't get to see one team's offense being run at all for an extended period of time. The fear is probably the other direction.  The amount of Cuban crew that will go missing every sailing will cause the ferries issues.  The wetfoot/dryfoot policy is going to have to change. I've been to Cuba and the cigars you get there are a lot better than the ones branded the same but available elsewhere. I think either the ones that make it overseas are old and maybe a bit stale or they are counterfeits.  Last week. I'm learning to scuba  You're describing exactly what will make Cuba worse. It's the damn resorts and generic food that no one wants. People love Cuba for being a place like no other, and Americans plus foreign investment will for sure make Cuba just like anywhere else. Best go to Cuba before its flooded with yanks! This is the worst thing for Cuba To all the Americans that can travel to Cuba now... Go. It is such a beautiful place with so much to see. I cannot recommend it any more the cuban missile scare was fucking scary to those alive at the time. Cuba's not that far they'll be fine. I used one small vial of YAKULT to get The starter Running... After 36h incubation at 35deg Celsius The pH is down to 3.5! It Tastes really good! Now let's brew some golden ale to sour The Wort! Yeah! Anyone here ever been to Florida? It already feels like Cuba there. This will just nip it in the bud. That's true. But there are still going to be tons of Cuban's wanting to leave and live in the USA. Subadiving? Is that at all like cubadiving? I'd love to visit Cuba, problem is, there is going to be a language barrier. I'm fluent in Spanish, but don't understand a fucking word Cubans say when they speak it. Hiding in the kitchen, just waitng to scare some nosey scuba divers  If you have a nice boat and money in a tropical area there is enough fun stuff to to keep me entertained for a while. Island hopping, water skiiing, scuba diving, jet ski...I doubt I would get bored fast Motherboard: [Cuba's DIY Inventions from 30 Years of Isolation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-XS4aueDUg) Just so you know, the spanish syntax for that would be Cuba Nueva, which I think does have a nice sound to it. Santiago del Cobre is a beautiful cathedral/shrine in Eastern Cuba. Is it bad that I think of the Tropico games when I hear about Cuba?  Nah.  This was a parting gift from Obama to the Clintons.  Bill wants his Cuban cigars.  Cuba has been a tourist destination for the rest of the world for a good while now.  Wouldn't catch me cubadivibg nuh-uh. I've just started diving regularly, having qualified in December, but the number of divers in my area are very few (only one dive club that goes out regularly that I can find). If this app helps find some more SCUBA people, then I'd gladly help test :) BurgerFuel Cuba St. has a [2 for 1 deal](http://issuu.com/salientmagazine/docs/food_issue_web/48?e=2884053/12626122). I think you can get away without a physical coupon since they advertised on Facebook too. That's pretty incredible. I only think of cigars when I consider the embargo on Cuba.  Q-base? 
Are you confused and mean CuBase, I cant see how you came to your results even with cubase, do explain as it seems very sceptical. Go before its ruined by american tourists is the argument as well.

While I find the lack of marketing, etc... very interesting, I hope cuba doesn't loose its character in trying to grow its economy. As far as I know, in Cuba Internet access is limited because of the blockade. I've never been there though, so I might be wrong. Which is why I find it laughable when people try to point out Communism as the reason for Cuba's poverty. The stifling effect of being ostracized from the world economy is huge. Yup cuba has no potential in heavy industry really (mediocre location,lacking infrastructure, little to no natural resources)

When liberalization comes it will be tourism,agriculture, and light manufacturing that drive the economy  I never knew about Cuba and their cars until I read this thread, now Captain Ron makes more sense. Maybe I'm also having a "blond moment" (although not blond) but if he's inferring that the girl is their love child then he's forgetting about the whole 9 month incubation thing. Haha good point. They sell them to Cuban businesses, 24k goes to gov and 24k goes in their pocket. The food in Cuba is terrible. I've been a lot of places and Cuba is the worst. It's bland and literally vomit inducing. I've been to Cuba 6 times and each time I've gotten sick from the food, so be cautious Americans and literally bring food with you. The colloquial term for a citizen of the United States is american. I'm pretty sure you knew what I was doing there. Mexicans, Venezuelans, Salvadorians, Canadians, and Cubans don't tend to worry about people grouping them with people from the U.S.   Only in Cuba and Europe(very expensive) also, if you buy it in Cuba make sure is at a place that you trust or know someone, most likely it has water in it, so buy it at the airport before you come back, just FYI. Just say it's for religious purposes. Cuba has some cool churches and the US government doesn't exactly like interfering with people's religion. I'm in Florida right now, and all I can say is this: if you think you're too good for your own floppy penis state, then suit yourselves! We'll do fine without you! We have rednecks and cubans and manatees (the human kind), we don't need you either! Tourists spend CUC's not Cuban pesos and the exchange rate in March was 87 Spanish-American War was fought by Spain, USA, Philippines and Cuba. I just got back a few weeks ago. Havana is incredible and the Cuban people are some of the nicest I've ever met. If you're at all interested, go as soon as you can! y que de la hipocresia de cuba para 1900 hasta hoy en dia cabron? Cold war is over bro, I want some Cuban rum damnit, we need relations normalized between murica and cuba.  My goal is to never watch a Pitbull video.  Unless it's got hot dancing Cuban girls.  I'll watch that all day. This Cuban has one simple trick for changing a blown head gasket!

What happens next, you'll never believe... it might not have been the civil war but that's arguably the best example as the spanish american war was fought primarily in areas like the Phillippines as well as Cuba I would also like to visit Cuba. I wonder if prostitution is legal there. I'm not saying that there aren't legitimate reasons to be critical of Cuba, I'm just saying that it's hypocritical to idealistically criticize a country for something and then not do the same for other countries because of political expediency. Well, there goes Cuba as a decent vacation spot. &gt; B) export a LOT of Cuban doctors to the US.

That's gonna suck for Cubans. I can't imagine a lot of talented doctors are going to stick around to make 1% of what they could make in the US. Here's the [FAQ on this from the Treasury Dept.](http://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Programs/Documents/cuba_faqs_new.pdf)

Not exactly as free ranging as people would like to think.  Translation: "Cubans did not have poutine." India is already moving to become the new world economic supporter with his methods, and Cuba isn't impacted by this. Nice try. There was the plan to do some terrorist things to themselves so that they could frame Cuba and have an excuse to invade. also what would cost £20 here in england, costs £3 in cuba #8 is fairly vague.  Also kind of funny since I feel like the best way to support the Cuban people is American tourism. If you go to Cuba you'll see brand new Hyundais, Peugots, Citroen and KIAs everywhere. In fact most of those 1950s restored cars have Hyundai, Peugot, KIA or Citroen engines in them rather than the original. Some do however have the original engine. You can go to Cuba just not one way from an American airport. Go to Mexico or Dominican Republic. They'll give you a paper day visa. It honestly depends on the brand. Like all nations, cuba's cigars vary in quality. But, that being said, I find their cigars are normally better quality than american one's in the same price range.  Mala - Mala In Cuba

Burial - Burial

Horsepower Productions - Quest For The Sonic Bounty

Distance - My Demons

Jme - Integrity&gt; His Cuban Cigars seem to keep stacking up though. Any basic mobility and stability exercise in which you can maintain proper alignment on both sides. It is probably just an underlying weakness.

Bodyline stuff like Planks, side planks.. band work, Cuban presses, wall slides, etc. 

 Starring Robin Williams and Cuba Gooding jr playing his white teenage son. **Cuba:** Slowness I because Fidel Castro is getting too old, but +5 hearts because he's still alive, and get's one Instant Damage II Potion every 5 minutes to represent the Cuban Missile Crisis. &gt;U.S. government has authorized

Oh great, what now?

&gt; commercial ferry service to Cuba

Oh... cool! Other countries around the world have had decades to set up shop in Cuba; America isn't the only nation to have transnational corporations...

Cuba doesn't want capitalist-driven companies setting up, whether they be American or not. [Versalles Cafe](https://plus.google.com/107050900701359694343/about?gl=us&amp;hl=en) on South Orange Ave.  I have yet to try their tripleta, but they have the best cubans I have ever tried. [M] Is Cuba North or South America? I have to get going, but  I feel the possibility that she was Cuban and came from Florida is something that needs to be pursued.  Social media targeting that community! Reddit can't do that well.












 Cuban War :)

really shaped they way that wars/disputes could be civically agreed on :) I've been to Cuba three times. It's a great place with great people! Condoms.   I mean, seriously.  They fucking hurt, they make sex as enjoyable as scuba diving, and now I have my own cum rubbed into my entire shaft?  Nope.  Nuh uh, fuck that.  Would you put your head in a balloon? &gt; many European nations

Make that all european nations. There are no travel related sanctions against Cuba in place. at least 4 ferry companies are approved as of a couple days ago to bring travelers to cuba.

http://www.sun-sentinel.com/business/tourism/fl-havana-ferry-approval-20150505-story.html

possibly what you are looking for.

 I did have 72 Virgin Cuba Libres though. Fly into Canada then fly to Cuba. and I'm saying that Ukraine is a special case where they will go above and beyond. No one is taking Ukraine from under the influence of Russia.

We will have another Cuban missile crisis on our hands before Russia lets go of Ukraine. The Sugar markets will be affected when Cuban sugar can flow directly into the US. Ah the Cuban flag Governor Cuomo too busy high fiving Jet Blue execs about opening service to Cuba instead of funding the subway system that carries 5-6 million people each day. I just want to get my hands on some authentic Cuban cigars. Most incubators won't help with this unless it's YC, techstars, maybe angel pad. Look at an incubator's companies and see who funded them. None of our investors cared that we got into an incubator.  hey, scuba diving is very enjoyable &gt; Its rusting machinery spills from the wreckage as if blasted by a bomb or kicked apart by a giant."

Ummmmm, that could be said for almost ALL of Cuba!! Well Cuba is much closer to the US than Iran and so the sphere of influence argument would state the US has more of a stake in Cuban affairs.  So its going to lift cuba out of the 3rd world shit hole its currently inand allow the people there to live on par with the rest of the modern carribean, sounds good. Just made this last night.  Couldn't find poblanos so I used cubanelle and jalapenos.  I'm not sure if that was an appropriate substitution, but whatever the case, it was a giant hit.  Thanks for this! You know, I bet it is.  I should spend more time proofreading and thinking of better metaphors.
How about the part where you are putting on the scuba suit? How well will Cuba actually do as a tourist hub then? Also, will it leave it's former eastern influences for a more pro US stance? I think so, but I would love to hear your opinion. La semana pasada fue cuba, viene Rusia, China pa alla vamos!!! Does that make the U.S better than Cuba? Not really. Best Cuban you say?!? I've been a long time fan of Cubans On The Run, and enjoy Black Bean, I'll def get over there to check that out! You'll see a lot of old cars in Cuba. Wonder if its the same for bikes. Does it scale? Have you run it on more than 500 nodes? How much data is actually being processed? 

What's the security model?  

Keep in mind that you can always try to get yourself into Apache's incubator before you have something that works.  It is CuBase. My roommate is the audio tech, not myself. I'll get him to post results and an explanation. ETA 9 hours. You have wandered way off the reservation there, Kemosabe. Reread the original question.

Slobberingly senile Cuban communists don't count. This submission has been randomly featured in /r/serendipity, a bot-driven subreddit discovery engine. More here: http://www.reddit.com/r/Serendipity/comments/3525km/us_government_approves_ferry_services_to_cuba/ Great point, comrade. I'm sure the embargo plays a major role in Cuba's internet access Obviously it would depend on speed, but about how long would a ferry ride take to get from south Florida to Cuba?

My guess is around 3 hours. Cuba has a socialist economy. You can't invest in them and it is highly unlikely they'll waste their money on American commodities. Diver recovery [underway](http://www.scuba-diving-smiles.com/images/shore-dive.jpg). I'm not trying to invest in Cuba, but there are sure to be public U.S. companies that could see significant gains from normalized relations. It's New^2 York, a bustling city of baby ducks with scuba gear. The Power Scuba group on Meetup.com is a San Diego based group that is pretty active. Right?? Scuba's eyes go out, and Marko's go in. If we joined forces, we would be UNSTOPPABLE.  I've heard you can find it at scuba related shops. I couldn't find any in Bunnings in Perth and eventually just bought some from Goulet (since I had a couple of other things I wanted). Although for my case it was not really practical (first few times scuba diving and still novice), its a great idea and will definitely keep it in mind for future dives. Thanks :) &gt; A '55 Ford Fairlane in running condition that has been used as a Cuban taxi for 60 years and Frankensteined to all get out would sound fucking awesome to me of I were a collector. 

So how much would you pay for it?
 Secondary antibodies or streptavidin gold are usually used in 1:50 or 1:100 concentration, half an hour to two hours incubation at room temperature. Play around and see what sort of labeling you can get. 何、なんか序盤にノイズ・変な音が乗っている。cubase立ち上げするのに4分くらいかかるからつらい。 You got to see how the Cuban people really live.  Most others just hide away on resorts. If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What have I been working towards? There's no logical relationship between gay marriage and drug importation from Cuba, last time anyone looked. but it does give some insight as to where some are coming from, tho. 今日はもう練習しないけど。これ練習するの、DAW立ち上げて全部プロジェクト開かないといけないから練習するまでの準備が大変。cubaseを閉じたくない。だからまだ開いているが、開きっぱなしだとCPU使用率が高いままになる。 Silly ISIS Guantano Bay belongs to Cuba.

 That movie with Brendan Fraser where he grows up in a nuclear shelter his dad built  in the backyard during the Cuban Missile Crisis (or maybe it was The Cold War?) was pretty funny. This post reminds me of that movie. The container ships full of foreign currency headed to Cuba are pretty hard to reject when your people need the money so badly. I don't know if they are Cuban. But there are hot girls So does US Customs question you upon return if you have a Cuban stamp in your passport? According to NPR (audio below) ~10hr from Miami to Havana.

http://www.npr.org/2015/05/06/404626458/obama-administration-approves-ferry-service-to-cuba tinder for scuba divers? Find out who'll be operating those ferries from Key West to Cuba.  Go talk to Mike at [Pittsburgh Scuba Center] (http://www.pittsburghscubacenter.com/) in Homestead. I recommend him. It got two updates but the expected completion date is a bit disheartening.

http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/yi/en/status The Philippines and Cuba were Spanish colonies. Spain was more defending them, albeit poorly Yup, do the recreational open water diving class if you decide to take classes there. It looks like they start a [new session on May 12th] (http://www.pittsburghscubacenter.com/schedule.html). DAMN YOU SCUBA STEVE The Bay of Pigs.

An utterly embarrassing clusterfuck, right down to the fact that the rescue operation failed because the air support forgot Cuba was in a different time zone. Tenes que volver a sus clases cubano. Among eligible voters Cuban Americans have a higher voter turnout than white and black (non-Hispanic) Americans. This has nothing to do with green cards. I fondly remember the first time I rode a Cuban fairy. His name was Eduardo.  There is a law in Cuba forbidding their removal from the island. Do you honestly think it will work? Because to be honest, most of us just gave up. I gave up. We fought our entire lives for a free Cuba, but everyone is against us.  &gt;How do you go without a cellphone in this day and age, OP?


I'm cuban, jeje. as I understand it, the communist government controls all commerce in Cuba, so you'll have to...who knows...bribes to "officials" at the very least First cuban to make me realize how dirty tasting NCs *can* be... Still like that in cuba.... Hey P!

What are you doing this week? I forgot to call you last week about coming down to the incubator. Tomorrow is full, Friday may be a good time. Cuba? he's NS afaik... Just an FYI, never hold your breath scuba diving.  You can really damage your lunges among other things as a result of Boyle's law. Ctrl-F scuba: https://www.reddit.com/wiki/faq#wiki_why_does_reddit_need_moderation.3F_can.27t_you_just_let_the_voters_decide.3F I have a Cold War/Cuban Missile Crises shelter too, which was built specifically to protect against bombs. I thought it was cool until I saw this. Now mine feels pathetic.  I've been wondering if he gets to go home to his family now with the new Cuba situation.  It's crazy how we couldn't even trade with these people, and in just a few short months, we're discussing ferry services for travel. This is all flying pretty low on most peoples' radars. All i know is a trip to Cuba doesn't sound too bad right now. We're like the Predators, incubating and spreading Aliens, to have a worthy foe to fight. Let them come, I'll fuck them up. hopefully. やばいな。かなり良い。もうcubase閉じてしまったから今はやらないがオーボエも広げるか。 If it gets out, they won't let me scuba. If I can't scuba, than what's this all been about? What am I working towards? 1920s/30s America

Origins of the Cold War

Cuban Missile Crisis

Vietnam

How British Society Changed -Liberal reforms etc

Unlike everyone else on this subreddit, I'm really enjoying all the topics! TIL Mark Cuban has his own line of clothing Good point!  [And it looks like you may be right since according to this article #1 is family visits.](http://www.slate.com/blogs/the_slatest/2015/01/15/cuba_travel_categories_12_types_of_visit_legally_allowed_without_prior_permission.html) Scuba divers like to put silly shit like this at dive sites all the time.  It definitely scares the shit out of you at first and then when you realize what it is, you and your buddies breathe up all of your air from laughing so hard. Sorry man, Cuba is claimed haha. And you don't think the "one foot" policy of Reagan didn't get the GOP Cuban voters? Is it silly to think Mark Cuban couldn't have a successful league? I think, with respect, you're conflating incubators and accelerators.  Accelerators that I know of, pay you to invest in your company, and then give you education as well.  But he really like half-Cuban guys. Maybe Chip's a communist! Probably. Really Exceptional Gifs Get Incubated There. i thought you weren't supposed to laugh while scuba diving..  Red's Supper Club on Hwy 81 near Cuba City. I took a ferry from ft Meyers to key West and it traveled at about 40mph. It is roughly 100 miles from the keys to Cuba (depends where you're leaving from, going etc). So yeah,  I'd say about 3-5 hours depending on conditions.  My officemate does robin incubation research. [Here's her latest kid!](http://imgur.com/a/bkckA) It was pipped this morning and we just watched it struggle out of its shell.

Enjoy :) Yeah!  As a South Floridian who has been to Cuba twice now, I'm glad there is a much easier way to get there! I wonder how my neighbor who fled Cuba and had to leave his family behind would respond to this "America is fascist" drivel. Cuba would be a phenomenal tourist destination if they were more open to US travelers. Beautiful weather and scenery, low cost, safe, plus a great medical system- they could be an offshore destination for elective medical procedures.  Cuban fury. Shitty film with Nick frost I propose a rule: only those who are up-to-date on their *own* booster shots can complain about anti-vaxxers.

If you can't remember getting your 10-year pertussis booster, you're just as likely an incubator as any unvaccinated kid.  The taxi drivers making CUC from driving tourists around (~$30CUC/hr) can afford to pay the official prices, but I was under the impression many Cubans buy gas for their private vehicles on the black market. Quiero ir a Cuba y verlo con mis propios ojos, no se cuando pero iré. In America, some of the most powerful lobbyists for gay rights are politicians' children. Hopefully the same applies in Cuba.  Yea, and it was his super socialist ideas that helped hurt production in Cuba. Should we promote the more efficient workers, and maybe give them a bigger piece of the pie? Nah, just give 'em gold stars... they'll love it! Whenever I hear buffalo soilder it reminds me of the time when my best friend and I were 16, and smoked cubans on the beach watching the sunset [Los Authenticos](http://www.cubancafeonline.com/) is awesome.   Noped the fuck out of there. That's a fucking nightmare. This guy is completely okay with the idea of forcing his wife to incubate another child for him. Fuck these guys. As if pregnancy is a goddamn walk in the park.  I thought Guavate was good, but the food at [Rice and Beans](http://www.cubanrestaurantsorlando.com/) was great.  i just got a free cuban sandwich cuz it's the publisher's birthday or some shit. they ordered food trucks. i've never had a cuban. hold please.

edit: nothing to write home about. but free. Good times.  Maybe that will be repealed soon, but who knows.  The USA is dealing with Cuba these days, so stranger things have happened. Cubase 7. Tonights release is dnb! scuba  scuba Scuba That they incubate tiny parasitic humans in their abdomens that burst out of them like the creature from Alien.

I try my best not to bring this up to pregnant women. &gt; On top of that, there is basically no money in Cuba. 

I think this is the key statement that should be at the top. My scuba instructor in college was ex military and ex swat.  He told us that the number one rule for getting in a knife fight is "don't ever get in a knife fight"

Everyone loses.   Scuba Scuba It almost bought us [a bit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Missile_Crisis) extra.  [More than once](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwegian_rocket_incident). The last time I was in Cuba (the only time actually) there were many Cubans at my resort enjoying themselves. And I'm not saying go before it's ruined. I'm saying go see it before it changes. Change is good for Cuba and Cubans.
 Has anyone said SCUBA yet? In addition to what /u/Scuba98 said, you can also speak with your squadron ES officer who can further assist you and sign off on tasks. How far do you plan to go with Emergency Services and ground team work? Coastal hotel development in Cuba has gigantic potential, as does retail CRE (think Starbucks, McDonalds, Walmart, etc...). Who owns irreplacable land in Cuba? Who is in the best position to monetize this land via development? Papas Fritas = 45 mins and UC CV 1:15-1:30 for me.

Any Cuban PC for me, Boli PC, Monte 4 in particular, are perfect 1 hour smokes. Cubans are the most judgmental and racist fucks I've ever met. And not everyone chooses to live here. Raekwon - Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...

Nina Simone - Pastel Blues 

Mobb Deep - Hell On Earth

Redman - Dare Iz A Darkside

Depth Affect - Hero Crisis
 I'm surprised. Scuba equipment shops have been the most reliable source I've found. Given that it won't degrade the hoses or otherwise kill you, it'd be what I'd want to use. As far as I know.  Yeah, USA is such an awesome country to visit, especially for those mexicans/cubans etc that gets shot down at the border. Nothing is more NA than that. Swimming diving scuba team, can't find anything!!! Miami...A remake of Vice City would be incredible. The beach, the swamps, the keys, even make a trip down to Cuba or the Bahamas. It would be such a fun game. He doesn't look too deep.That said I'd just scuba. Way cheaper. Way safer. after the Spanish American war. Cuba and the Philippines were colonies. also in the early 1900s panama,Haiti,and Hawaii could also be defined as colonies. His special on Cuba was pretty good, I thought.  I stopped watching his show other than that a long time ago though, it just didn't hold my interest. Safer? yup! Cheaper? sure.  But not nearly as cool. 

"Hey bob what did you do this weekend?"

"Oh just went scuba diving with some friends, wbu?"

"oh nothing much just EXPLORED THE OCEAN IN MY HOMEMADE KAYAK/ SUBMARINE."  All this needs is a portly smiling man with a silly haircut giving them field guidance them whilst wearing Cuban heels. Can we hear them if they're under the water? It'd drive scuba divers nuts though.  We have Taco Bus along with authentic Cuban sandwiches. M8 there are some large island nations.

UK, Madagascar and Cuba need a word with ya I suggest Versailles Restaurant 3555 SW 8th St. It's open really late on the weekends.  This place has lots of history. You can choose from all the typical Cuban dishes. Buen provecho! Seems like the work of Homer Simpson.  Moldova should check Cuba for the missing money. I'd be even more impressed if this were in Cuba. No, remember - she was found not guilty. The real killer is living in Cuba with Jon Benet Ramsay and Nicole Brown Simpsons killers. Bonnie Blake's muderer lives in LA. He's an actor. Well they already took his right hand man to be their GM, but Cuban and him didnt get along.  

http://www.bizjournals.com/dallas/blog/2013/07/dallas-mavs-hire-gersson-rosas-as.html I find it amazing America put sanctions on countries like Cuba for being communist but yet holds strong alliances with these slave-driven, murderous theocracies. Scuba diving. It feels so scary on the surface but only a couple of minutes near the bottom, such silence and beauty. Time feels to stand still while slowly swimming near the reefs. Not any more, US and Cuba are trying to fix up their diplomatic relationship Hullo! Added you am underwaterchef. 22M am a student and scuba instructor in Australia! Will send you lots of upsidedown photos You can't fight City Hall. Even Mark Cuban found that out.  Kraft &gt; Cuban. But you expect a more rational view from the population of a nation that supported the dictator that Ché fought and got told what to think by the government and the Cuban fugtivies, which of course had their own narrative? Do you really? I live in south korea, where cubans have been available always. Romeo y Julieta is my cigar of choice.
 Thanks guys, there's a scuba shop near me so I'll have a look there.  I got downvoted for trolling in /r/cigars for saying, "#cubancigars ...I laughed..


#CubanCigars That's not supposed to be a justification for Batista, or is it? Or do you think the popular opinion in the US should decide Cuban politics? 

Besides, Batistas enemies in Cuba were silenced by murder, so one way or another your point isn't quite one. I've paid it back several times! 

I drove two different Cubans to the parts store to buy a new battery. 

They were both thrown out during the boatlift. How does he get it to sink/rise on command? There must be controllable ballasts in it somehow. T'would be terrifying to be in such a narrow tube. Learn to SCUBA...freedom underwater. Sounds like what happened in Cuba.  Go to the Duolingo incubator site (incubator.duolingo.com) and there is an apply button.  From there it's pretty self-explanatory. We found a dead deer underwater when SCUBA Diving. Pittsburgh Scuba Center is where I go.  Mike is someone who truly loves the ocean and is an amazing instructor. Didn't studies just come out showing a majority of Cuban citizens have a positive view of America? Unless you buy from an authorized dealer stay away from anything purported to be Cuban.  It will be trash instead. If that study was conducted post-thawing, it's pretty meaningless and more topical than a representation of the views people have. Also, Cuba is not in South America. I'm sure there is always a chance something bad could happen, just like anywhere else. But Cuba is generally VERY safe. we already fixed cuba, I can take a ferrie there!  pidiendo rial, excepto cuando fue a Cuba Sweet. 30 minute incubation step. Hopefully that'll get me a couple innings of good, uninterrupted baseball.  Incubation step? Is that some kind of dance that infants do right after birth? I wish I could use incubation time as an excuse at work.  Work for an hour, then take 16 off. Your fucked kid. Better sell your shit, kiss your girlfriend goodbye, and start building a raft to float to Cuba.  If this was in /r/cigars it would be taken down as soon as someone mentioned a cuban site Ha, that's obviously a bit of an exaggeration but there are several things I do regularly that require 4 hour incubations. Usually I have other stuff to work on, but on really slow days I just get 2 hours at the gym and a nice lunch break.  Sooo...intrigued by your last message...I did a bit of reddit stalking...

A duck breeder/brooder/raiser?  This is a thing?  We have chickens we raise, quail too.  Incubator full of quail eggs as of right now, too.  Who mass buys ducks? Thats why there is a cuban sub i have one kid and i get looked down on by women with multiple kids for not turning into an incubator and crapping one out every year like clockwork. KENDONG!!!!! Love you, Cuban Breakfast!!!! ##AURORA MORALES!!

###THE CUBAN LIGHTS UP A DONG!! Cuban Breakfast!!!!! Cuban dong!!!!!!!! Goddamn I loves me some Hot Cuban Dong. If this is true, could we also say that Cuba is not a communist country? Skydiving and scuba diving.  I've scuba dived before.. Wait.. Scuba dove.. No.. Have I dived or dove? From what I've learned fom people who experienced communism in Cuba or USSR, they send only people with families left behind and if they don't return the family member goes to jail or worse.
EDIT Spelling
 They used to shoot him up with goddamned meth and other concoctions along with pain meds for his bad back. Dude was bent the fuck up all the time. Partying. Playing chicken with the USSR battleships in Cuba. Dude was a bosses boss. I had a Tattoo and an Arturo Fuente Cubanito during my nine holes today. 

I'm still working on my palate but the Cubanito was noticeably peppery to my undeveloped tastes.  http://cubaarchive.org/home/images/stories/che-guevara_interior-pages_en_final.pdf

 If you think that the Cuban economy is large enough to have a significant impact on the EPS of any reasonably sized public company you are very wrong. Who used to have a minor league affiliate in... Cuba. I think you're on to something. If Joc was a Cuban outfield sensation he would be Jociel Puig Here is a [link](http://www.reddit.com/r/EarthPorn/comments/354p01/oc_lake_inside_a_cave_at_varadero_cuba_5500x3666/) to the original submission





I am a robit I like how people just lump us into one group. Mexico is a country. Cuba is a country. Different locations, different cultures, common base language. It's a national origin, not a "race." Other than the fact that a US general suggested nuking China? Yea, no, if America didn't want Soviet missiles in Cuba, China should definitely have the right not having the US near the border. ...North Van :P I just go there for scuba (and smoking I suppose) even Mark Cuban is trolling Shaq That would be great to see.  Get a real hockey rivalry in Florida?

 Call it step three in Canada's master plan to finally colonize somewhere tropical.  Obama killed our ambitions to annex Cuba. Austin.  I'd like to see a team in Cuba or Mexico but I doubt the league could make those teams nearly as profitable.  I think Cuban will have luck forming personal relationships once Dirk is gone. He's got a good reputation and I think Dirk's retirement package will make some noise.  Close, but no Cuban cigar due to the embargo set by JFK.
 I like old Cuban coins a lot, thanks for sharing these with us. I really wish we were playing Dallas so we'd have all kinds of ballmer vs cuban moments  Yeah just like when you go to Cuban resort (sorry Americans) and Germans ALWAYS put a towel on a chair by the pool in the morning and then show up to their spot at like 5:00pm later that day.  Didn't you hear? The Americans are coming to Cuba! You could probably eventually get non-prescription ones that are "close enough". I know they have those for scuba masks. I'm around a 2.83, they have a 3 for 20$ vs custom for 200$

Plus, if you are nearsighted, the screen is close to you. &gt; In fact, a black or grey scuba diving suit is the most ideal.

facepalm.jpg Tell him that whatever he chooses for you, he has to buy the guy version for himself.

Couple scuba suits yay. So you think literally anyone who owned land in Cuba before 1959 was such a heinous criminal that Che was doing the world a favor by killing them and he should not be called a mass murderer for that?  or for that matter, why are there so many cuban political and civil refuges living in america if cuba is in any way superior?
 Well Cuban is why I remain optimistic. He's a competitor in all parts of life, so I doubt he'll let the Mavs be bad for long Viaje holiday blend and the cuban stock extra lance alone are amazing

Not to mention that LG there was once a green dinosaur 

he was a prick to the rest of the dinosaurs 

and one day he was shank gangland style by another dinosaur wearing a scubag steve hat "Humanity growing out of that phase...until Russia..." LOL. Because the US annexation of Hawaii is completely different. Cuba, Puerto Rico, California, is completely different.  cuban pls He's also a very big reason Cuba became communist. Damn you scuba steve. Florida is a name that is nearly as old as Cuba, even if Cubans took it, why wouldn't they call it "Florida"?

Or Norte Cuba? I can see the logic of Hawaii or Florida but I like both. I think we should invade Cuba and send them all there. My brother actually said Cuba haha. It's to avoid an international debacle. Isolation is the primary objective behind those two states   The eggs will probably go to waste. Either other fish or the parents will eat them and positioning of the eggs prevents you from taking them out comfortably to incubate them in your own. Yeah, also it might be even convenient if we didn't have to hold the flashlight in our hands like in the Silent Hill games, maybe a bit overpowered though. Then again the scuba gear is serving that purpose at the moment :) Wait have i missed something? Scuba gear?
 You know, the scuba mask that uses oxygen canisters when you dive underwater.That thing provides a strong yet unlimited light source when used on land. The 'rebreather(scuba gear)' was introduced with the 0.14 update, so you might not know of it if you've been away from the game for some time I guess :D Disney World is an incubator for all formerly eradicated diseases. Also do not hug anyone in a furry costume. More feces then a hipsters beard.  The same atheist leaders who put gay people in labor camps just 40 years ago. Don't get me wrong: this is great news, but there's nothing inherently pro-social equality about Cuba's socialist dictatorship. Bro I just came from Cebu and HALF the areas for scuba diving are full dead coral I'm just feeling bad for Del at this point. I feel like this season is reaching a lull point before the rashly crazy shit happens to close out season 1 with a season 2 set up. Cuba is great though The Cuban revolution is an interesting topic itself because we were supporting the Cuban Guerilla's and if I remember correctly we were looking for a reason to go to war with the Spanish. (sorry to tired to look up sources) Scuba Dude this isn't even close to the worst thing he did he nearly destroyed humanity to save face. In the cuban missile crisis by his own estimate it was a 50/50 chance that the Russians would launch if pushed... and he pushed them. &gt; His procedure took two months, and has a high failure rate

didn't his parents essentially fly to space Cuba to get hush-hush "coathanger" augmentation?

 This was very common in Cuba during the beginning of Castro's rule. He would murder anyone without question if they even voiced their opinion or stood as opposition. I have no idea why so many people think of him as a hero.  no, I mean the cubanesens that we were getting were so potent they glowed blue.. I've never seen a batch like that in my life.  Well then we have to ask if they were paid by or threatened by America etc... It's very hard to take an objective look at Cuban history thanks to the CIA. Adam Sandler introduces the world to scuba Steve. He can do no wrong. They say this as if Belarus was the worst shithole on earth, but I wouldn't be surprised if it actually had a very good healthcare system, like Cuba. I don't know, he sounded more Andalusian than anything to me. Maybe Cuban,  but probably Andalusian. But according to World bank figures the number of women who die from pregnancy-related causes in Cuba is very high:

Cuba 80 / United States 28 I've heard similar stories from a retired Cuban NY cop. The reason Dave told you that like it was nothing is because there are so many precincts where it is/was common, that it is like it was nothing. Yo soy de California, entonces yo hablo un poco español. ¡No sabía que en Cuba hay los Judíos! Perdoname por las preguntas pero, como pudiste hacer Aliyah? No hay relacions entre Cuba i Israel si me accuerdo. atraves de Canada. ellos the dan una visa temporal para francia y en francia te dan los documentos para viajar a israel. para el gobierno de cuba yo estoy en francia. entiendo, muchas gracias para la contesta.

&gt;para el gobierno de cuba yo estoy en francia

jajajajaja Belarus has a PPP per capita that's about 170% of Cuba's. Reminder: visiting Here is like visiting China, Vietnam, Cuba etc

You will be fine as long a you don't criticize the country or government, or not participating in local politics How about the episode where Stan watches football, while he puts the family in "incubators" so they think they are on vacation? Thanks for that advice, I can do patience, I did this kind of thing assembling my scuba set online too. Where would you recomend I lurk to spot deals? They want to make sure there's still going to be a reason to go to PR with Cuba opening up. Florida's electoral votes aren't as important as they used to be and the younger generations of Cuban Americans aren't single issue voters.  My GCSE's were heavily on the civil rights of America, and the cold war. Cuban missile crisis/Bay of pigs. That was almost 13 years ago now though. Florida: Fuck off Cuba Here in Miami we like to call ourselves North Cuba  Massive wedding. I'm in school again. Life is fucking good!

Also: trip to Hawaii, Cuba, roadtrip to Chicago, roadtrip to East Coast of Canada, 200 dollar running shoes. Poor Ted. Living at the edge of sanity, he sometimes falls over it. It probably has something to do with his loyalties being divided so many ways among Texas/Canada/Cuba/USA/donors/religion/$$$. Hawaii happened almost 50 years before WW2. Cuba, Puerto Rico are not annexations. California is questionable and again very long ago.

Really, you putin-bots want to drag the world back to a time when re-drawing borders was the norm? Don't stick your fingers in someone else's cookie jar. 

ESPECIALLY if that cookie jar belongs to a big angry Cuban monster. 

 (Thanks! I had some help.) She smiles, tugging lightly at her scuba skirt. The skirt is accompanied with a simple top and the newly purchased thigh highs. This would make my year too! Although, right now I'm a giant pregnant whale that needs a forklift to be hoisted from anywhere I plant myself to continue incubating this baby so I don't see the compliment train coming for me anytime soon.  It's called [GTEC](http://www.sfcollege.edu/cied/incubator/index.php?section=gtec) and it's on the east side of town, near Hawthorne Rd./University Ave. split  Cuttlefish are pretty fucking cool when you're scuba diving.  The way they change colors are AMAZING! I have a feeling Cuba is really going to regret this... It's obviously good for the people of Cuba that the embargo will not be an issue, but I'm very worried about capitalism spreading its disease into the island. They have ferries from US to CUBA now This is your boss.  You better get your scuba gear on and get to work.  We have patties that need flipped.   I live in California. The store bought tempeh is not so good, so I built an incubator and bought the culture and started making my own. It's really good. Also, I use garbanzo beans instead of soy beans. Actually 'khokhol' refers to the hair style where all but one lump is cleanly shaven off - that's lump is called 'khokhol' or 'choob'. It was a tellsign of Cuban Cossacks, IIRC,  Welcome to the Bolts Stealth Jet 20-04. There is Yuengling on tap, rum and whiskey in the bar, and cuban sandwiches and other snacks in the back, so feel free to help yourself. Gonna be honest...this looks worse than Snow Dogs. Is this just Cuba Gooding Jr.'s second attempt at making an emotional movie? We all know how well Radio turned out.  There are lots of "sports" that don't require massive athleticism.  Shooting.  Scuba diving.  Hiking.   Looks like an SNL skit, Cuba must hate his agent. How to invisi push as scuba diver? 1. Raekwon - Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...
2. A Tribe Called Quest - The Low End Theory
3. Dr. Dre - 2001
4. Kanye West - The College Dropout
5. Bad Meets Evil - Hell: The Sequel Could have gotten a box of Cuban cigars at that price ;) I was told that I look like Raphael Nadal. I can only see it a tiny bit if mix in Marc Cuban for a less trim face. Not me but my dad is said to look like Mark Cuban. But doesn't Florida have a large cuban population, and cubans are white, so whouldn't they get used to a the idea of white hispanics
 I've never seen a more glorious thing than Mark Cuban owning Skip Bayless.  I went to Kauai a few years ago, and I'm doing my SCUBA certification dive next week.

I *have* to go back. Kauai is beautiful. You will need to go to /r/cubancigars I had my scuba license before my driver license 

I broke both legs and shrunk an inch and a half 

I am a 5' tall NCCEr certified scaffold builder girl  Is the shop still a scuba pro dealer? If they aren't then getting parts can be very difficult, probably as expensive as if you bought the kits. Man, fuck that dude. People may love their mommies, but real mommies love their children. Incubators make slaves.  Nope. Because they assume those whiter Cubans are just white Americans. Race is most associate with color than with your actual origins here. Try a cubano variation: glazed ham, roast pork, Swiss, mustard, and dill slices. Kiko is also Cuban // Puerto Rican.  There is plenty of diversity on this team.  McCoy is being a shithead. thank you! I actually tell myself "nice and snug" when rolling them up before serving them to ppl.

Also brings to mind the Seinfeld episode where they get Cuban cigar rollers to roll crepes and everyone gets sued. They like to push it as so. Every province has or is building an incubation or industry park for it.  &gt;Can we afford to replicate it? 

Well, that is what communists try to do. They've been moderately successful in Cuba, even despite the massive sanctions imposed by the US. And the hilarious thing is people will whine about warming relations with Cuba because of its "human rights abuses"....... Was Cuban Communism hard won?  Only if you speak Spanish and have Cuban family or friends here, otherwise you will never get a job. Other than that it's great, best place to live ever!!! On another note, dude totally looks like a young Mark Cuban. No, I would have to disagree with this. Yes, there are a lot of Cubans, but that's about the only thing you got right.  Judging Cuba's history of fucking over US companies that invest in the country I can kind of understand why they'd be uninterested.  Cuban is wrong though.  People wouldn't be constantly bitching about what Skip said if they didn't care. Scubaversity are going to Komati Springs next weekend. I've not been but it might be worth checking out. Sounds like Cuba needs more FREEDOM - Uncle Sam Any insight on when you guys might start building it in the incubator? Perhaps some time this year? All these Kubrow posts are making me want to get an Incubator Power Segment... I got the egg to shut Lotus up but never actually hatched it. Ve a cualquier facultad de derecho del país y encuentrame una donde no haya un "grupo estudiantil" con vínculos a algún partido. 

Son como incubadoras de toda la porqueria de éste país. Read the posts in the incubator. It explains why. Actually, he saved the world. His military staff wanted him to launch nuclear missiles and/or invade Cuba. Kennedy kept his cool and negotiated with Chruchev. That's why the miltary top hated him so much and wanted to get rid of him. &gt; Obama's foreign policy doctrine is that he just doesn't care about foreign policy.

I think opening up relationships with Cuba and the Iran deal show otherwise.  A Cubano I got in the Miami airport. Like that Quantum Leap where they decide to turn bomb shelters into pools after the Cuban missile crisis. My god. Those babies look like they were thrown from their incubators. We must invade! Typical Cuban "Launch" was, perhaps, not the best choice to describe travel to and from Cuba. And if the big angry Cuban monster has a stool.  I've been waiting a long time to be allowed to go to Cuba.  This is awesome. Cry, mine is mine. I found my head in a crease of familiar smell, I think this tree is a thief. I'm frying everything that incubates and ever was, simmer fifteen rips before I choke and die!  No shit, Sherlock - he's both.  One parent is Cuban, the other is ~~PR~~ *Colombian - *he was raised in PR*.

edit: got his heritage mixed up - regardless, he has Cuban, Puerto Rican, and Colombian backgrounds. Just got a delivery of a selection pack for stovetop, Including a Cuban bean

* Four Bean Blend
* Costa Rica Haciendia Aquiares
* Java Blawan Estate
* Kenyan Honeybush Bora Estate
* Cuban Altura Lavado

http://i.imgur.com/JRXOKk2.jpg We have to trust Cuba. If anything they resisted for 50 years under embargo. They didnt give up socialism. They protected their revolution while Soviets collapsed. With the anglos back, I can finally post my first approved comic! 

Context: [Socialistos gotta stick together](http://www.cubanews.ain.cu/cuba/2948-cubans-show-their-support-for-venezuela) You can be more than one "thing". Father born in Cuba but raised in Puerto Rico. Mother is from Columbia. I've been at a couple of scuba divers meets in Oslo, and there's one moron who wears a Sea Shepard t-shirt. When I get drunk enough I always call him a bitch and a terrorist supporter. That there's a flight from BWI has no bearing on whether or not you are allowed to go to Cuba. How is a fetus in an incubator their property while a newborn baby is not? Before any others? They've released 5 languages since the incubator and have like 10 more at least in production  I instantly would have gone for a withdraw and found some new ID and moved to Cuba. Later bitches! Withdraw it all and take the next flight to Cuba or Iran First, I read that Mexico is poor because it has free trade with the US.

Now, I read that Cuba is poor because it does not have enough trade with the US.

Ni modo. Cuban isn't a race, so. Yeah, I voted for that ban when I still lived there. Sneaky bastards: she and one of the Cuban-Republicans from Miami challenged it to keep their "safe" seats. I've often wondered how many scuba divers they employ. It has to be a bunch. I'm Cuban so building my own raft won't be too hard. I miss North Florida :( so damm pretty.  He did kind of lob it up for a sequel with the ending. Coop finds Brand on the third planet alone, embryos just about ready to incubate. Cataclysm threatens the new planet just as the Plan A folks find their way to it. Boom. Sequel. Cant go to Cuba anymore. I suspect the no extradition policy will be lifted real soon. They're actually a mixed bread popular in Cuba. They're called Cuban Thief Pouter. Very smart birds.  Scuba Gragas by far Cuba: Want your money, not your values.

Murica: But, but muh supirior market.

Cuba: You are nothing but a cash cow for me!

Murica: Pah, I'll play with Puerto Rico, I managed him to stay with muh values (and military). :(  Used to be "A glass of Pappy 20 and ~~a Cuban~~ an Opus X"

But lately it's "a nice drive and dinner out by myself someplace." TIL  I can definitely imagine that bird smoking a big Cuban cigar.  Haha  How about the countries that make up central America, or islands such as Cuba, Jamaica, Bahamas, etc? unlike china and cuba and vietnam and laos right

and russia and angola and ethiopa

north korea poland somalia mongolia yemen And now we know why the US suddenly changed its tune on Cuba.

Money talks. *Mala in Cuba* is not very similar but is cuban and dank How the fuck do the Warriors, and Clippers get away with this shit but this is our second one.

I bet it's Mark Cuban who based off of his tweets, is at home watching our games probably reviewing them and sending emails to the A the next day Should have got Morey and Cuban to go at it in a steel cage Ask anyone from the former Soviet Union, Cuba, North Korea, or China and you'll get your answer.  Yup, they need scuba divers for RoA, Finding Memo Lagoon, and Paradise Bay.


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YVbCYF_1BE&amp;app=desktop no logic, no cubase, no pro-tools... the wording would be better as something like: i recommend one of these (but other daws will generally do the trick too) Sure, but I am pretty certain that Cubans wanted the embargo lifted for a long time I'm happy that the embargo was lifted, but Raul is making it out that Cuba is going to be the next big ally of the US making these moves so fast. You can be white and Cuban/Puerto Rican. One is a race, the others are nationalities. He's also Latino, which is an ethnicity. I would've liked to see the scuba mask in all of the pictures. Missed opportunity OP Here's my craziest theory: since Kyubey is just the middle parts of the word "Incubator," every Incubator should be named Kyubey. JFK's policy was to stay out of Vietnam. No one needed Vietnam. He also was against the invasion of Cuba (Bay of Pigs) which caused the CIA to get *extraordinarily* pissed. 

EDIT: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bay_of_Pigs_Invasion
 Central America is still North America, genius. You forgot Cuba, Puerto Rico, Jamaica, Dominican Republic, Greenland... Shall I go on?  Nah Canada is on the top floor without a roof. Cuba is on the window half in, half out. Picking the best city for motorcyclists is like picking the best no-lifeguard public swimming pool for scuba divers, or the best busy sidewalks for marathon runners. Scuba diving - interestingly, it's a good way to meet entrepreneurs and (somewhat) early retirees. If hitchhikers in Cuba look even half as good as [that thumbnail](http://globerove.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/Cuba-hitchhiking-guide.jpg), I think government vehicles are purposefully driving around trying to pick them up! Puerto Rico would be better off forming some sort of Carribean superleague with Cuba, Jamaica, Haiti, the Dominican Republic, the Bahamas, and Turks and Caicos. Those places are all closer to the continental US than San Juan is. Go back to Cuba... and send me some cigars I want to have sex with a woman from every US state, including the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, The Virgin Islands, and perhaps someday Cuba. (If it somehow become a US territory someday) You should buy something with a 2015 band on it - a Davidoff "Year of the .... " release, or a Tatuaje Cojonu, a Cuban Edicion Limitada, or something with 2015 on the band, and save some for when he or she turns 18 and smoke a couple with him/her. God dude you are striking out badly today. If Cubans get a foot on the sand they stay. Legally.  yeah well...they made good promotion material for Cuba =] You can actually. That's how Cuba claimed Costa Rica. This should have been flaired under expansion though . High-fived a sea turtle while scuba diving once, so that was pretty legit. I think part of the ignorance, at least as far as among Hispanics, is there is no clear, apparent difference in cultures. You can tell Italian from French from Spanish easily. But to differentiate Mexican from Cuban from Colombian is very difficult. The food at Fidel's is pretty overpriced and overrated. 
Head to Floriditas or Scopa for a good feed on Cuba Street.
My fave place to drink is Havana bar on Wigan St. It's nice and rowdy on a weekend night. I would take Cuba Gooding Jr.'s from Jerry Maguire and give it to Edward Norton for Primal Fear. The courtroom scene at the end was some amazing acting by Norton. Cubans used to have a majority population in the outskirts of Los Angeles, until the darn mexicans pushed us out back to Miami. :/ I think you can scratch "may". 

It will be interesting to see if Jeb pulls in some Hispanic voters. Cubans Cruz and Rubio won't, except for maybe some older Cubans in Florida.  Native born Cuban Americans have higher college attainment rates than white non-Hispanics (39% vs 30%) [[1]](http://pewhispanic.org/files/factsheets/23.pdf). http://www.xvideos.com/video11284141/cuban_thickness_carmen_de_luz Not to nitpick, but aren't Cubans and Puerto Ricans considered Caribbean Hispanics? here in Floricuba we have plenty :) I just got back from my lunch hour... and all I wanna say is...**YAS-MONEY, Y'ALL!!!! CUBAN HYPE TRAIN**  The studio is a little cramped dude. Having a bigger table and more space for furniture allows more guests/comics at the table and not the couch, like colin was when marc cuban came in and everytime bonnie comes in.  [The truths and tales of Cuban healthcare](http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2012/06/201265115527622647.html) Yaaaaaas! What a baller. Too much English from the Cuban. I walk away and come back to another **[YAS-MONEY HR?!?!?!?!?](http://gfycat.com/VacantScentedKoodoo)**

**THE CUBAN HYPE TRAIN IS REAL! ALL A-FUCKING BOARD!!!** CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS I can't believe they let hi go to Disney World then sent him back to cuba No. Not at all. Cuba supports Venezuela and progressive nations of Americas. Not USA. Cuba still is very critical about USA and imperialism. Cuban maduros or tostones He's Luke's father???? Fuck. Thanks a lot. Also: they blow up Jaws by shooting a scuba tank That a poor way to vote.  Race &amp; gender.

Ted Cruz would be the first Cuban president. That depends. If you get the vaccine within the incubation period - after being infected - it can "cure" you. 

Vaccines for things like Rabies and Tetanus are often administered after being potentially infected/exposed.   I like some of the music from Marc Anthony. Sorry, I dont know the names!!!

Que?! One of the few words i know :p

Cuban food! Fave is Vaca Frita or Ro[pa Veija!

Thanks for the contest. The only good thing about south Florida is the Cuban food.   Radio with Cuba Gooding Jr.  Thought it was a high school football movie like Remember the Titans.  Wrong. There's nothing passive about Morey/Cuban jabs  &gt; Cuba = North Korea

Didn't realize this was Fox News... The embargo has not been lifted yet. These are just small reforms based on the negotiations between Cuba and the US earlier this year.  My old man can't speak English and he's been here since 73, of course he's a cuban living in Miami so he can get away with it.  Cuban? Dominican? Some kind of Caribbean?  Cuba, all year, for years, will do that to you. Él es el burrito cubana. Cuban dingle.  I think NC means non cuban where'd you get the scuba gear? Especially if its Cuban. or Tarkatan. Cuban Sandwiches would be fire Fidelito Castro would like to broadcast these networks in Cuba now, using television companies to implement FOX NEWS, CNN, and MSNBC for Cuban citizens. Also starring Cuba Gooding Jr. when he had a career.  scubascott page 367ish... 72k might, still playing with lineup but did manage to beat the "massive damage" demon today with frost witch in my lineup.  Don't have destroyer, molt, orks, or siren.  Aries is 3/5 revite 8/9.

 Yeah haha it's weird. I want the blue dial with numbers and a scuba dude who isn't covered by the hands. Ya, I wonder if Dolphins or other sea creatures that have seen humans recognize the human in the statue. Probably not because they usually see humans in scuba gear but it's a cool thought. Might be worth adding Reason and Cubase also, which are good DAW's for beginners.

Nice guide. :) People are too busy doing blow off of Cuban women, and tbh who can blame them I thought about getting into it and then I read that shark attack story earlier this week. Now I am more likely to pick up sky diving than I am scubadiving, and I am afraid of heights. BTW the trivia place (Mad Art/Capitalist Pig) has BBQ, pork belly BLTs, brisket burgers, Cuban sandwiches, etc. And drinks.  Health care and education is all free in cuba. Also it's not about what you were, but what the country currently is. We rotate our players to keep 'em fresh, we are very deep this season. If im not mistaken only Cubas, Lodeiro, Diaz and Pavon started las game. I dare you to post "Any hot Latinas out there? Cool Cuban dude looking to connect with some chicas [Miami]" to /r/Latin. **Players to watch** 

BOCA: Cubas, Lodeiro, Calleri, Gago

RIVER: Krannevitter, Mammana, Mora.

 Please please please let this blow up so that maybe James Dolan will be forced to sell!   Why can't the Knicks get an owner like Ballmer or Cuban?  such a shame what that historic franchise has been going through under his ownership...    i thought it was cuba part 2? Oh man, Satay Kingdom just off Cuba. 5 Dollars will get you copious amounts of Naan bread, with various kinds of soup\curries. Probably not the exact soup and bread you're after, but still the best value I found. Oh don't get me started on the rudeness here. The thing is that the Cubans have basically taken over here, Miami has become North Cuba. I'm in high school and if you're not fluent at all in Spanish it's seen as a taboo.   I believe that Kennedy's fault. *If you land you get automatic citizenship.* Fucking horseshit. Try that in Cuba. You'll be charge as a spy and/or deported. Miami, aka North Cuba... I see a few IT jobs there popping up - they have a start-up incubator that's doing well so maybe more IT jobs to come. http://www.globalresearch.ca/cuba-develops-four-cancer-vaccines-ignored-by-the-media/5390303 That's confirmed. I looked through the choices to contribute to new languages in the incubator. They have at least one Elvish language and Dothraki.  I may be a bit biased haha, but I especially like Torsiglieri, Diaz, Cubas, Meli, Gago, Lodeiro, Carrizo, Calleri and Osvaldo.

If i *had* to make a top 3: Torsiglieri, Lodeiro and Gago (when healthy) A little late but yeah she is laying eggs! I have a pygmy chameleon and she's laid eggs twice. Good luck incubating them! They call me Cuban Pete! I'm the king of the rhumba beat. When I shake my maracas they go chick-chicky boom chick-chicky boom. I guess that's why you've gotta get real Cubans Key West. Southernmost point in the US - 66 miles from Cuba Nice 1915 Cuba! Haha. Yeah, I couldn't find a cutter so i had to chew the crap out of that cuban. (I was somewhere in-between my loft and the lobby, and it's a pretty big property) Cuban family.

~ Hope you're loud. if you play pop punk, Error Records is your best bet. talk to the dudes in Krelboyne.

[Here](http://errorrecords.com/cubands) is a comprehensive list of (almost) every active band in C-U. talk to bands directly about setting up shows. Scuba diving is expensive. Underwater?  Like how the astronauts train?

I don't know if there are age restrictions on SCUBA training. We just need that great Cuban powerhouse...erhmmm...Castro FC?... to set up a B-team.

edit: TIL there is actually a [Castro FC](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castro_FC?oldformat=true) in Spain cafe tacuba-chilanga banda

panteon rococo -carencia

gran silencio-duerme soñando

molotov - puto Skydiving isn't base jumping.

And I'm not scuba diving. I bring all the air I need in my lungs. The fact that this doctor is practicing is terrifying. Clearly he sees his patients as nothing but incubators, which is a nauseating thought.  Captain Nemo's does board game nights on Thursday I believe.
Also previously mentioned: Farmer's Market, restaurants that do live music/shows, or join a class of some sort like surfing, scuba, or art.
Good luck!


 Do u have any to trade?  I have a  nice collection with a nice variety. Would be willing to part with some of them. Can you get legit cubans? Try signing one when scuba diving. You release them for everything, including shitty equipment. Scary stuff.  Ugh. Puig. As a Cuban, I hate that Cuban. The Cuba of China.  Cuba is. America's just a bunch of commies! Your best bet is to go to The Rumpus Room, the north's hub @ Cubao Expo. Give me your FB and I'll add you to the national group.
 "Because I definitely know what Communism is, and it was *definitely* reached in the seventy years that the Soviet Union, China, Cuba, and so on, existed. Yep." Why take a product from the US to sell to US travelers in Cuba? Where is the opportunity in that? :)

And the local don't have surplus money to spend on stuff from the US. Got a Cuban Stock /r/cigar? To be fair, North Korea, Cuba, and the USSR were all communist. Nazi Germany was an ultra-rightist fascist society, not a socialist/communist one. I smoked the new R/cigars cuban stock custom and it was fine, certainly nothing to brag about though. Go for a cohiba siglo and enjoy it! Yup and it also incubates the idea that "yeah conspiracies are real but only crazy people care."  There has been a great shaping of conspiracies to be like "yeah duh I don't care though only crazy people care."  I went scuba diving on a somewhat stormy day with some rougher surf. Under water the current pushes you back and forth in waves that can be felt Fun fact: My cuban Grandpa looks INCREDIBLY similar to Charles Bronson. &gt;the fact that Cuba does not have a great track record on social equality and I don't get why you're defending it. 

According to who?  American media?   White Cuban, here

It confuses the shit out of people. Office-ception starring: Mark Cuban  Cuban would fuck you up Ummm as I said TeleSUR "presents the views of the governments that own it" (i.e. Venezuela, Argentina, Cuba, etc.) Vlad Gutierrez and Yadier Alvarez

EDIT: good news, [Vlad](http://www.baseballamerica.com/international/cuban-pitcher-vladimir-gutierrez-closer-to-signing/) can now sign during the upcoming signing period Is it? Oh right. I was mixing Canada up with Cuba. Easy mistake. Can't lie, if I could be Colin Farrel in the Miami Vice boat-to-Cuba scene, I would say "Screw you, me", I'm being this guy &gt; when scuba diving

I took this to mean "*while* scuba diving" and it made it sound a lot more inconvenient.
 Sounds like we found our long incubation period to spread it.  Cuba's democracy is very inclusive, and a model for socialist nations to follow. Well, I blame US ~~propaganda outlets~~, I mean media for the lack of info I have on our Cuban comrades. ITT: people jelly of Mark Cuban's success  Finale, Cubase, Tux Guitar can probably do it... any more? She's incubating a quaill egg in her mouth. Leave her alone. Big bad krushev ruined the SU, big bad Kim Jong-il ruined the DPRK, Big bad Raul ruined Cuba, big bad Deng ruined China etc etc, apparently, while you need a revolution to reach socialism, a few market reforms are enough to revert to capitalism Scuba dive. aren't most latinos really republican?  like very much so?  I know cubans, colombians, and mexicans and they are every which kind of conservative. Well I didn't get certified scuba diving till the military sent me to a place where I could go.  Being from the midwest, it wasn't like there is a lot of diving places. got a question, when you go for nydus do you still get rapid incubation? Si quieres comunismo por que no te vas a Cuba y dejas de sufrir? Solo te quejas pero no te vas Sometimes I fill the bathtub with warm mustard, and I pretend I'm scuba diving in the yellow ocean This song beats the pants off'f April Sun in Cuba. I fell in love with this song the first time I heard it. In the Netherlands, strangely enough! :D Yesterday I put an egg with 1h left before rotting into the hatchery and I incubated it fine just now. We Floridians don't call south Florida 'North Cuba' for no reason. Cuban pork shoulder, Baked chicken in mushroom cream sauce, moussaka, chile con carne... depends what mood I'm in I guess. I love cooking! Ja sam se vec prije prijavio u Incubator da budem contributor. Jesi li se i ti prijavio/la za hrvatski jezik? Ako nisi, onda bi se mogao/la prijaviti ako ikada krene u razvoj da bude lakše :D God forbid we accidentally have a baby girl... incubator inside of an incubator. Baby inception.  my US history isn't solid, but didn't they get cuba after the US-spanish war and gave it back (but kept puerto rico etc). the whole thing is still ridiculous of course, just asking. GOP logic.

If a plan comes from a conservative POV it will work if you give it enough time.

Trickle down, Cuban embargo.

Abstinence training will work on teenagers if you give it fifty years.  I'm not a historian, but I'm almost certain they just created a puppet government in Cuba that lasted... Pretty much until the revolution. With strep throat, smoking will irritate your affliction and make it take longer to recover. I had to give up weed and my Cubans when I had borderline bronchitis recently for the same reason.  Cuba was given independence on the condition that its government remained democratic. Idk if that's really a puppet gov. though. That's fair. Tbh I don't really know anything about Cuba 0.001秒くらい遅い。これ直すのは後にする。cubaseを閉じてしまったので。 Am Cuban, can confirm. I think it's great! Cultures are one of the best things abojut life here on earth.

(Cia Cruz is Cubana and Tito Puente is Puerto Rican) Cuban/Nelson? How is he so high up there? 

How is that even possible with all their lack of free agent signings, and the failed rondo experiment ?  I'm pretty sure he's very open about his position on the education system and student loans in particular. This writer might not have addressed it, but he definitely has:

https://www.google.com/search?q=mark+cuban+student+loans You made a great Cuba, sad to see this. Seriously, best Cuba I've ever seen in this sub.  He basically made Cuba an island-casino for his Americans overlords. Lots of unregistered unplated cars on the reserve that would have no hope in hell of passing inspections. It's like Montreal's own little Cuba.  Scuba diving!

But, otherwise, I'm binge listening to Night Vale, rewatching old episodes and setting up the Lapisology.  During my SCUBA training they would kick masks off and quietly turn your tank off.  It's pretty fucking scary to go for a big breath and feel the lines restricting on you. Could the virus incubate and potentially mutate while in the eye?  Is this directed at women or incubators?  Due to /u/cubanpete26 nominating you, you won the prize.

Will pm code later

Annie_Annimated's nomination was invalid due to no registered trades Awesome!  Thanks so much. :)

And thanks /u/cubanpete26! Babies out of incubators  They took the babies (sob) out of the incubators.  scuba diving with some of my closest friends in the florida keys for a week.  Senior year. Spring break. Literally the best time of my life How about scuba diving?

So water on earth. Eh.  The blanket term "Hispanic" bothers me for this reason (it was made up by Nixon).  I've never seen a Boricua bust his ass like a Cubano or a Mexican. You can catch a plane to another country and then from there to Iraq. Or just go to Canada and then catch a flight from there.

Hundreds of thousands of people have done it to get to Cuba as you can't travel from the US to Cuba. 1. Tatuaje Fausto -- my go-to for dark and spicy.

2. Cuban Stock Triumph -- good.

3. LP T52 -- had construction issues (which was a first--normally a favorite but had to stop halfway due to plugging even after purging.  Ya win some, ya lose some) The guy who gets hit and flips looks like he's doing that scuba diving dance move. Is that Cuba Gooding Jr. in the water? Only one black guy swimming. Men of Honor 2 being filmed? Under the [treaty](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban-American_Treaty_of_Relations) the USA had the right to intervene in Cuban affairs. Hardly the same as "promising to be democratic"
 That makes me feel better...lol. 

I came up around more Puerto Ricans than anything and after YEARS of Spanish (in school and on my own), I could talk to Cubans, Colombians, Venuzuelans, Dominicans, but would be LOST talking to Puerto Ricans.  There is some useful information in /r/cubancigars - you may not even have to worry about bringing them back. People go to Cuba to join ISIS?  Go to the /r/cubancigars subreddit and there is a list of must try cubans in the sidebar! Ah yes, Cuban B.  Oh, Cuba has no problem letting in American citizens. The US has banned Americans from going there, Cuba hasn't. The exemption for $100 only applies to individuals traveling to Cuba under OFAC license.  The embargo has not been lifted and must be done by Congress, and until that's done, importation from any other country in any amount is still illegal. http://www.reddit.com/r/cigars/comments/vhmkp/us_citizens_and_cuban_cigars/ Then you either know exceptional Cubanos or sub par Boricuas. 

*Source: I'm Puerto Rican and Cuban.  Exactly. I still have everyone doing loops, rolls, half Cubans, inverted flight, and hammerheads by themselves generally every flight. Sometimes more. I've had people do inverted spins and tumbles themselves as well. [This is a good solution](http://cuban-christmas.com/pigroast2.html) I've done a pig this way and if you can scrounge up the cinder blocks it's effective and can be cheap.  Naw, i kinda like Cuban, he's actually pretty humble.

Also he'd hit back. Thank you, thank you, thank you.  I have been meaning to make my own cuban sandwiches from scratch, starting at the bread.  I'm going it this weekend.  I was taught to spit on them and then rinse them in salt water, but that was for SCUBA diving. It worked, though. And now I have Cuban Pete stuck in my head. I  think they mean "I don't care if you're ethnically Cuban, you are white passing and thus white.  Cuban thinks otherwise. Cuban thinks the Mavs played such great defense that they caused Lebron to suck, rather than Lebron getting in his own head and sucking. Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9w_XUQyJJQ When i wear my backpack I sometimes *check* my pull 

When I'm scuba diving i arch as im descending lol

 Can confirm - Am from Miami.

Anyone who speaks Spanish in Miami is most likely to be Cuban. mild cigars are great for the mornings. medium full are my gotos, but i have some cubans that are pretty mild that i enjoy with some coffee Hm. Wonder what the cause is then. That was the only thing I could think of, since it had a low rot time, and incubated it to about 2hrs then the egg bugged out. Wonder if anyone else has had the issue. That egg is still stuck for me I was dockmaster where the Brothers to the Rescue were docked when they confronted Cuba in [1995](http://articles.orlandosentinel.com/1995-07-14/news/9507140119_1_cuban-people-flotilla-cuban-exiles).  I threatened to throw a CNN reporter into the water. Thanks a bunch ! I got two smoke shops in mind and both seem to have a nice variety. Think one sells Cubans but I'll leave those for another occasion.  You should watch Black in Latin America. Specifically the ones on the Dominican Republic, Cuba, and Brazil.  With Cuba? What the fuck? yes, same here.  I primarily use mine while scuba diving and that 5 minutes is huge.  

the batteries are different specs and the wasabi actually have a slightly larger capacity.    A lot of people said that to me when I was visiting Cuba. Incubators disguised as women. Because soon they'll realize their true purpose and instinct will drive them to realize it as soon as humanly possible.  

/s Yeah Cubans aren't a rarity here since the Cuba Lebanon relations are good. I'll be sure to check it out. Thanks ! Hahhaha! Oh yeah priorities! [Clashing in rave, club, party, my own wedding, while scuba diving] Cubas and Pavón, great additions. Thanks, I didn't know it could happen that fast.  That's very scary..  Suddenly, scuba diving is a much scarier hobby @_@ Yeah if you don't scuba dive often it can be easy to miss those. Thank you for the information. I have a few eggs that are 5 days and 8 days apart in the same incubator when i raise the humidity will that effect the eggs that aren't ready for the humidity chances? They are all at least 10 days old. Any suggestions? 
  Jupiter, Florida. The boat is Emerald Charters and you book it through Scuba Works.  I'm serious, no matter how good a Cuban cigar looks, ***DON'T DO IT.***  That's how it starts.

Besides, there's better stuff in Jamaica~&lt;3 Watch any of his remotes. Any one of them. He's still awesome.

The Cuba remote is just cheating. I hope it wins an award. Paging /u/theoddcuban Ted Cruz too - he's Cuban: they are all of Black African decent.  And it's questionable that he's even an American. I was born in Cuba of a French/ German father and an English/Spanish mother. &gt;Ted Cruz too - he's Cuban: they are all of Black African decent. 

As a Cuban American I always found it strange that the US didnt consider us white. That said, Im not sure Ted is from this planet. Fortunately for scuba divers, I guess. Može, ako zaboravim a vidiš hrvatski u razvoju u Incubatoru, napisi mi u privatnoj reddit poruci ili na duolingo zid ;) Pretty thankful that our maintenance department regularly take samples from the coolant sumps which they then incubate to see if there is anything horrible living in it. 

I believe legionnaires disease is a major concern?  That is exactly what I thought... In my head, "Are there gangs in St. Pete? Not close enough to Cuba..." I'm an idiot and will put my helmet back on. Fuck yea. This may reignite my patriotism. As it is if I could afford it I'd move to Cuba. I'd say Canada but I detest the cold. I'm sure Cuba has its defaults but at least I can still watch Netflix  He won't http://cubamomurals.com/2009/09/the-small-town-of-cuba-missouri-thinks-big-really-really-big/robert-wadlow-pin/ Ah sí las necesidades básicas cubiertas como en Cuba por ejemplo. O como en Corea del Norte, o como en dónde cojones marxista. Cuál es tu puto modelo de sociedad? It's doable. A few bomb threats here and there and you can get banned from the whole North American continent, with free trip to Cuba. &gt; drain pipe to remove excess water

Drain pipe to fill it with water to keep it from floating (scuba gear recommended).  I've been. On Santo you should dive the Coolidge. When I went to the outer islands the only Scuba tank I saw was used as a bell.  Your so helpful thank you. Im definitely wanting to continue the hatching. I'm going to go to get a second incubator.
 Sure. The Decline of Western Civilization, I am Cuba, The Emperor's Naked Army Marches on, Any of the Ken Burns films, 4 Little Girls, Scratch, Woodstock &amp; Monterey Pop festival. As far as I remember all of those are not included. 
 I live in the pool. It is my kingdom now. Grab some SCUBA gear and glowsticks, 'cuz they put SPEAKERS DOWN THERE!! Publix chicken tender on cuban bread with mayo, honey mustard, cheddar cheese, lettuce and tomato. 

I call it "The Tampa you'll want one two"    I'm more a KöPi guy but Holsten is also fine. But at home, I love me some Cuba Libre.  https://soundcloud.com/kosio-beshkov/5-a-choir-breathing-water

Hey this is a soundtracky song I did. I used Midi cubase samples in this one but in the future I'll learn how to use real samples and how to mix. What does every baseball team have in common? Cubans The love story will never pan out now! Damn you Cuba Gooding Jr! I'm Cuban, my family says I should shave because I look like a terrorist. I say no. Yea bro, I'm Cuban and the family can't cut that shot for one single day ahaha. Cuban would probably be interested scubager123 Riaxxxmartinez on Twitter.  She's also a cam girl.  Half Chinese/half Cuban from England.  I've followed her (and yes she'll follow you back some times) for quite a few years now.   ...and some hispanic people are black.  Ask a Cuban or someone on the Caribbean coast of central America. Anything can be fixed.

Source: Cuba Work on a scuba boat, can confirm.  We don't let them board till they sign the holy release form. Horseshit. I don't see us taking out Castro in Cuba. It's not about freedom, it's about money. no that's mark cuban. The dense crumb and smooth crust of your loaf look to be better suited for sandwiches what that other guy thought Cuban bread should be. Your loaf looks good! We're scuba divers, so we love beach vacations. Grand Cayman FTW. But we're both very happy with just cats. The only way this would be fixed is if all 30 owners were a part of it. Do you really think that some of the more vocal owners like Mark Cuban and Dan Glibert would have not only agreed to it, but also been able to keep their mouths shut for this long? Thanks! 

Honest question: Is Cuban bread normally meant to have a holey crumb? I've always had it with a denser crumb, so I tend to opt for a shorter rise. oh lord!
Cuban cigar and BBJW juice, it's finger lickin good! this was at sundance a few years ago. basically drake was supposed to play at 1am but a blizzard delayed him and aziz did stand up to keep the crowd from getting bored but they were over it and started heckling. cuba just wanted to save the day He is, but Cuba Gooding Jr is knocking it out of the park.  LOL ce urmeaza paine pe cartela si bomboane cubaneze? Hai sictir!!! Were ya'll on Shark Tank?  I feel like I remember Mark Cuban loving this.  A Cuban loaf is usually 24-36" long. Yours looks like a boule. I'm not saying it isn't tasty, but it's not Cuban bread. https://3guysfrommiami.com/images/bread2.jpg Ah I see well that's odd for a bird . You should go get an incubator and see what they end up turning out to be  I bet his name was mark cuban. I loved A10 Cuba, if it's nice physics I don't mind raw polygons. Would it be possible to port it to linux? Pressure is so out of his mind's reach. I hope he never tries scuba. Cuba, North Korea and Iran. Now you know why we consistently have "problems" with them. The International Jew wants those countries under it's central banks. Dwayne Wade shooting more FTs than the entire mavericks team in a game of the NBA finals. Wade was being pushed as the next Kobe at the time, while the league hates mark Cuban and everything he stands for. No, the eggs are removed and placed in an incubator until they hatch. It's the Spanish word for something coming from Habana (Havana, Cuba.) Not Havaña, Cuba.  Sorry to feed the pissing contest. he pointed at cuba....  so no... Great cuban food, and spring break. Hope that Thoorin and Monte start the next Summoner Insight, smoking cuban cigars. RIP cuba I heard Hillary has a Cuban rolled dildo Wait - do you mean to buy dive gear such as masks and snorkels or to go scuba diving? I want to SCUBA dive the Ghost Fleet at Bikini Atoll...

 this was at sundance a few years ago. basically drake was supposed to play at 1am but a blizzard delayed him and aziz did stand up to keep the crowd from getting bored but they were over it and started heckling. cuba just wanted to save the day West of Florida = Mexican

Florida = Cuban

North of Florida = Puerto Rican

And that's how you know. [I think I may have found something](http://www.vintagescubasupply.com/regsusa.html)

Yes, old design, but a lot of photographers have this complaint, so I've been told. Good in theory but those lines look like they add quite a bit of buoyancy.  Yesterday was a blast! Once you get back from Cuba will see how this is performing!  Because you are my closest neighbor atm, I would like to ally with you. 

-The Republic of Weed, modern day Cuba. Right now, woodworking, reading and scuba diving.  I used to like homemade wine and beer making and freshwater plant and fish aquariums.  then there is always video games and lately I have started with a few modern board games. That one's good but the best takedown ever done on Bayless was Mark Cuban completely decimating his usage of generalizations and cliches in his analysis and not knowing actual strategy.

"Why do you run a zone defense, Skip?" Hmmm.  This theory coupled with Obama opening relations with Cuba ties things together for me.   Sliema usually has some people walking around at night, St. Julien and Paceville are usually more of the night life area by a wide margin.  You can swim from some of the beaches in Sliema, and SCUBA dive too. Yes I do. Ableton is fun to play around in, but I prefer Cubase for actual producing. EpicVerb is my go-to. I still rarely use Cubase's reverb plugin, but it's once in a blue moon. I know Mark Cuban had some issues with it a long time ago but I don't think it ever got much publicity. Because your paragraph is a load of horseshit. The fact that you honestly believe that women have no purpose besides incubation of babies is cray cray outside of all by the most indoctrinated quiverfull type cults Definitely. Keep stroking this sub's circlejerk against the PM.

Because if what you just said were true you would have been investigated/detained by now. Anyone protesting would be screwed.

This isn't the USSR or Cuba, calm the fuck down What features of Cubase make it your preference?  If you don't mind me asking. Yes, the stench is getting worse.

When I was in Cuba, many locals smoked homemade cigs. They didn't stink at all. But these mass produced cancer sticks smell awful and are getting worse. (that will ship to Canada for reasonable prices, hard to find I know)

Lightweight summer dresses for a 5' 8'', ~128lb girl. Open to lots of shapes, but mild fit and flare, scuba, etc. etc. ~just above knee length is best

Open to colours and prints. Scubadiva I'm going scuba diving with a seal colony in a month. Those commie fuckers better not be Russian spies or its clobbering time. I don't think I believe in any 100%, but the ones that seem like they could be likely for me are:

Big pharma, why cure anything when there is money to be made?

And some JFK ones, mostly Oswald didn't act alone or was hired by Cuba or something. i wanna see the cuban lights guys. like really Asian Cuba Gooding Jr. We were thinking about quail, but were intimidated by some stuff I read online about elaborate incubator set ups. I was leaning toward rabbits instead. What can you tell me about hatching quails? I have 8 more minutes of incubation time before I have to get up from my desk. I would appreciate a very quick 9th. I bellydance and scuba dive and do costuming and fx make-up and collect Nerf guns and bake and go to theme parks.  What? I'm so confused now. Incubation is associated (with me) of pregnancy... Cantante cubana de timba y reguetton para disfrutar Not just Cuban btw, its common in Latin american countries, my family is Mexican and while we don't do that, we have heard of it I still don't understand how we didn't end up with Cuba.  Two issues. North Korea and Cuba have browser preferences? Both of those countries don't have much public access to the Internet in the first place.  Also, everyone loves diving with Nico.  Check out his reviews on Scubaboard and Tripadvisor.  Just an all around great guy and makes the experience that much better.

http://www.cenotexperience.com.mx/

 You'd be surprised. Quite a few were parroting Cuba as a healthcare paradise.  I used to fill scuba tanks, and my boss made me watch videos like this to make sure I didn't do anything to fuck up. I made sure I didn't have to fill many.  A local grocer was called 'Mierda Seca' Cuban slang for dry shit, no one knows why he was called this. Because we send incubation power, let's change it early [As usual, a direct link. This is to her instagram, which has many other ass-centric videos for your perusal.](https://instagram.com/p/0n57M4FxJ6/?taken-by=redroselacubana) All it is a gas. The tank is completely sealed so there no contaminants in the tank. SCUBA divers breathe in air from those types of tanks The latest Childish Gambino, Because the Internet, is definitely worth checking out.

GZA's Liquid Swords and Raekwon's Only Built for Cuban Linx... count in my book. I went snorkeling once at Pennekamp. They scared the crap out of me with the barracuda speech. I can't wait to at least put my goggles on in the water. You are brave to scuba dive. That is awesome! Definitely planning on it. Also going scuba diving for free thanks to a friend who owns an outfit there. The second episode of Beyond the Tank was better.  Cuban and Mr. Wonderful's were mildly interesting.  I fast forwarded right through Barbara's. DACの違いっぽいな。
オペアンプの構成OPA627 x4, MUSES01 x2 MUSES02 x2 OPA827x2 x2 LME49990 という

オペアンプの値段5千円 x4, 3.6千円 x2, 3.5千円 x2, 1.8千円x2 x2, 1.5千円　＝2万、1.7万、0.87万＝4.57万円の威力ということだ。1cm^ 2未満のICチップにこの値段だからな。やり過ぎなのは知っていたはず。cubase用の音声出力（UR824）が薄っぺらく感じるのも仕方がないこと。 Namaste, Team Hindi! I know this isn't directly related to your course, but do you know if/when/which other Indian languages will be added to the incubator? (I know it has to do with supply of volunteers, but I figure if anyone knows, it's you all.) Great point.  My reservations about the Cuban Missile from Spring Training are quickly evaporating. I WANNA GO TO THE BEACH

AND LEARN TO SURF AND WIND SURF AND SCUBA DIVE AND SAIL IN TINY, DANGEROUSLY SMALL SAILBOATS THAT GO LIKE 100MPH I guess we gotta see a lot more Cubans in American boxing before they stop grouping the two together. They're so different from each other as far as I'm concerned.  As a scuba diver I find this incredibly hot. 

Apparently there's a tradition to do your 100th dive in the nude, I'd love to be behind you for that one!  dont forget about cubas ;) Helping Cuba was a way to help soviets gain ground in the western Hemisphere thus giving them closer proximity to the US. He may have thought or been told it was for Cuba. But it was without a doubt for the USSR. Cubans love giving their kids Russian names especially ones that start with a "Y"

It's really weird tradition that they've been doing for years Oh yeah. Cubans are pretty tough on that beard thing. Yeah, if you don't scuba dive...that'd be *greeeat* (haha anyone here seen Office space?) Just curious. Is that true though? Isn't the majority of Cuban's money from the radio deal? [Terry suspended from playoff game after cockpunching Michael Finley.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyLn5M8c2Gw) 

Bonus:  Cuban explains what happened. It is (not counting Mark Cuban's hypothetical offer to Coffee Meets Bagel). I do agree there's very little chance of it going through. They took the baby's from the incubators and threw the baby's on the cold floor. I think there's already been interest in this from a number of Latinists, including myself. The only question is has DL showed any interest in launch a Latin team for the incubator. People takes rafts from Cuba to the US all the time. I don't see any reason you couldn't land one in Hawaii you just have to go to Cuba first Hey there are two Cuban references here; the Cuban cigars and "Cristal" which is also a Cuban beer How can I refuse?  Reverse Cuban Missile Crisis: Asian version commence! I do believe this is the case. I would love to try some cigars made by Tatuaje or Padron that use a mix of cuban and NC tobacco. But that will not be happening for a while. Juan Reinaldo Sanchez had the opportunity to kill that motherfucker and never took it.  Whatever he is, he's obviously not a Cuban patriot. Sincer să fiu, aș vrea niște bomboane cubaneze :) My xperia z2 tablet,s new wallpaper http://imgur.com/bzIb7hs :) i used scubas hdr version though. I thought whales were generally non-hostile to divers in the wild.  I've never heard of scuba divers being threatened by cetaceans, ever.

I suppose that the homocidal Orca from Blackfish has tarnished their reputation. I'd like to add in Decubal anything to that master list. They have niacinamide and ceramides in their products. Probably other goodies as well. Yep, Denmark is EXACTLY THE SAME to Cuba. Hack. I only found one Decubal face cream when I made the list and I already added that ;) Posted a download and Mixcloud over [here](http://core.thomaslaupstad.com/scuba-essential-mix-2015-05-09/) :) There's a massive count of reasons, some of the big ones:

* Corruption.
* Pressure from capitalism.
* Bad management.
* Lack of resources.

Just to name a few.
Hasn't communism worked to a varying degree in Cuba, China, Vietnam, Laos and China? Well, i wrote a long informed text about cuba, and um... a... let's say rather short text about greece, but got greece. Sometimes the other appliants just wrote better applications. I guess then you don't go to a forum run by a VC/start up incubator. The first decent coffee I had in my home country was a cuban. Mmm I would disagree communism work's t ght e examples you are referring weren't communist societies. Also cuba is quite successful in its transition 
 Exactly! That's complete BS. It's my god given right! I wanna smoke and make it rain at King of diamonds!

http://www.fhrcuba.org/2011/12/women-arrested-in-cuba-for-demanding-food-and-milk-for-children/ Keep it installed. I wound up needing it when a new person in town, from Cuba, needed help. People say Cubans are loud and we are.   Both were used but only one was correct. If you start with 1 and count to 1000 you have counted 999 numbers. Only Cuba celebrated at the correct time. 

Edit: wow Im an idiot. 1-1000 is clearly 1000 numbers. The new millennium would start at 1001 though How come you don't let her incubate them herself? I don't breed so I'm not familiar with any pro's or con's of this technique. I thought I read one of the things that will complicate lifting the embargo restrictions is related to the trade mark use of the Cuban brand names. In an incubator I have total control of all environmental variables. This means they will have the optimal climate and the best chance at hatching. We have good news for you. Our team will be spending the next two weeks planning for the course and the Hindi for English course will start in the incubator during the last week of May, 2015! Maybe we should list sources of events that might be relevant, I too feel like I have seen a lot of changes that are rapid and out of place, like the recent US-Cuba relations, or the laws enacted after the Sony Hack.  Literally my cuban friends only thing in csgo. As Cuba, I dont plan currently have plans on expanding anywhere to be honest. Maybe I might unite with Jamaica or something but Ive got nothing concrete as of yet. Apply on the duolingo incubator to work on a Latin course!  http://incubator.duolingo.com/ Is this at The Incubator, Jubilee Hotel??? I know I heard about open mic nights and stuff there... All in good time. The basic principle is the pneumatic piston acts as both the mechanism to operate the breech and as the airtank for the blaster. The whole thing runs of a back mounted smallish SCUBA bottle. I think a lot of these stories are pure bullshit.  The best way to demonize someone is accuse them of brutally killing children or sex crimes.  It really gets the public behind a good war. Remember GWs incubator babies? If SCUBA diving, couldn't one just swim in one direction (not up or down, just to the side) until clear of the net's path?  Better than Cuban. Please do! When I first heard about the incubator I though that this was one of its best possible uses.  In other news, Putin has been shunned to the kids table with Venezuela, and Cuba. There's a newish song out with the chorus "I can make cocaine, I just fell in love with a Cuban..." So maybe that's what he's referencing? I've dived among 10 foot sharks numerous times. I think most scuba divers have. Almost no one gets attacked. I wouldn't get too close to tiger sharks, bull sharks and hammer heads though.  I love seeing pictures like this. Im stationed in Cuba and I long for the mountains and trees that we have in Oregon. :( Say what you want about Cuba, every person has a roof over their head and medical coverage. Fish is sittin there like *wtf scuba diver, turn that damn light off* Been sailing &amp; scuba diving for 8+ years, only one thing freaks me out. Breaching whales. Many people have died over the years from a whale impaling them on their boats or at best, sinking them. Sharks can kiss my ass, because orca whales eat sharks. \*Cough* Iraq \*Cough* Iran \*Cough* Afghanistan \*Cough* Cuba \*Cough* Guatemala \*Cough* Panama \*Cough* Congo \*Cough* Vietnam \*Cough* Syria [\*Cough*...](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Covert_United_States_foreign_regime_change_actions) Reminds me of Cuba everytime! this wasn't scuba training. They were doing kettle bell workouts underwater and both had a shallow water blackout. At least that's the theory until the investigation comes out. Knew some 350lb fat cuban longhaired guy named fartqueefa, shit made me lol What happens to all the people you saved? Do they ask get sent back to Cuba? I guess someone got mad that we are taking all of his friends?  Obama warming up to Cuba and Iran has nothing to do with this, right? But I thought we stopped people from floating from Cuba? I've always heard that the coast guard would stop people they found off the coast floating from Cuba, but if they managed to reach land they were free to go stateside? Is this not true? No, it would not be like that at all. It would be more like Cuba joining an anti-American military alliance....only Cuba is half American and we think they are being hurt. Will be getting a bottle of Bacardi in a few days. What can I make with them using ingredients that can be found in a normal supermarket aside from Cuba Libre ?  So what you are saying is... You're the incubator for the virus!!?! Isn't there already a large legal dispute between Cubatabaco and General Cigars over the use of Cuban brand names? Something along [these lines](http://rbskl.com/uncategorized/history-of-cubatabacos-fight-for-u-s-rights-to-the-cohiba-trademark/) Cubans aren't all dark. My family's mostly blond and fair skinned. :p just sayin. Ahhh yes ~~northern cuba~~ Miami were all there rich and Cubans are. It's come a long way. It started with a truly ragged Line 6 POD X3 and an iPhone that I ran through Mixcraft. Now I'm using Cubase 7.5 with KRK VXT 8 monitors and a newly bought Axe FX II XL+. My wallet was hurting for a while after that last one. Reason doesn't have VST support. Pro Tools, Ableton, Cubase though....  Wow, that's crazy! He was stuck back in Cuba for 14 years...at least he got back out with his family. That's fantastic. I want to take up scuba diving as a hobby so badly. Definitely had some laughs and subscribed.  Thanks for the vid!

That Cuba Pete shit had me going for sure I know he has a scar that circumnavigates nearly his entire torso, and there are photographs of him in a incubator shortly after the surgery where he looks tormented by pain.  But the key clue is that he was born in the 1970's. The xmen when they stopped the Cuban Missile Crisis. That moment was probably one of, if not the only time when the world could have been potentially destroyed.

Or, you know, whoever actually stopped it.  Not creepy, but it's kind of weird how land has such a distinctive smell. And you can smell land from miles away. I was sailing in the Florida keys, and could smell Cuba from about 30 nm away. Havana smells amazing, btw. It's still a rather convenient thing to say now Cuba and the US are suddenly best friends again. Putin sounds like a disgruntled ex-girlfriend posting smack on Cuba's new relationship status. You're in Florida so there has to be a Scuba shop near by that can do it for you. Damn man, I'm a scuba diver and the thought of this scares the shit out of me. Good thing I always have a knife on me so I might be able to cut my way out, but still, fuck that. Hey Jules! o/

1-)Was it hard to  use Cubase? It looks harder than Mixcraft!

2-)What about Yooka-Laylee, are you excited?

3-)Line 6 HD500 or BOSS GT-100?

 why does cuba, the only presently socialistic country on earth, have their real-life flag changed for adopting communism? I try to take 4 scuba vacations a year.

I spend money on various hobbies...fishing, bowfishing, gym attire, photograpy equipment, projects around the house, etc... When is Incubator's Day?  ;) That to Cubans...Vicks Vapor rub cures everything....:) &gt; geographical proximity changes anything.

Imagining China gobbling islands in the Gulf of Mexico. Or How about a real one, Soviets trying to plant missiles on Cuba? How did that go? Didn't change any thing? &gt; Couldn't the land just be revoked somehow?

Not without consequences. 

Think of Guantanamo bay. The usa owns cuban territory, and Cuba is powerless to get it back. If they tried, there would be US marines crawling all over them. It's an awesome watch. I haven't found another diver that fits my wrist so well. And it has survived a couple scuba dives too. The mesh is super comfortable We're all mad here, Scuba. If you go to the dragonarium and look at your dragon, you can add the incubation time of your galaxy dragon. Unless it's the same as mine.  Plus they literally asked Cuba after the Spanish American war if they wanted to be a state or Indipendent - pretty sure Russia isn't going to ask any country it 'liberates' that question  I think you can open those midi channels in Cubasis without Audiobus. Instead use interapp audio for the input. that's what i immediately thought. one time i managed to get in there without scuba gear and nearly ran out of air. luckily you can eat snacks under water to refill your health bar. I'd love to take my mom sky diving, or at least scuba diving, because she would prefer that over flowers and a spa day. Sagada looks great. And I do Scuba so Apo Island will definitely be one of my next dives. So many places to visit and so little time! Thanks man cubanitos
(marca Oblita, vienen de diferentes colores y sabores) If SCUBA diving, could you have cut your way out of it?  Crazy for Scuba! I think Cuban pretty much nailed it. You know exactly what you're going to get. No surprises.  Yes but that's as good as it gets for them. Say what you want about America, but Cubans still flee here by the boat load for the opertunity to be successful. Thanks scuba bro los "cubanitos" usan la masa al estilo cono de helado.  Por la foto que tenes, se parece mas a un Tuile enrollado.   Como esta relleno y por el color, lo mas parecido que concozco son los ´pirouette´ navidenos que fabrica Pepperidge farms.  Scuba Dives and Skydives have a very similar chance of death per dive. The biggest difference is skydivers usually do more jumps in a day than scuba divers.  Do a search for local scuba shops, fire systems shops, or welding supply places. I just realized Kendrys looks like a buff, Cuban JonTron. Cuban Breakfast!!! Can be enjoyable for a 1-2 year stint in a lengthy career. It is very easy to get sick of island life though as you'll get tired of the same restaurants/bars/activities over and over. It helps a lot if your main interest is scuba, fishing etc.

 Great read! The introduction of a private sector seems very strategic for a nation like Vietnam and Cuba in today's neoliberal dominated society. I hadn't looked at it this way before, thank you. 

What are your views on contemporary China?  Chinese long hot green pepper, Anaheim, paoblano, cubanelle, red Fresno, shishitto, serano, red cherry, scotch bonnet, and red Thai chilli in that order Its called scuba diving. Ask any diver ... Number one tool needed when scuba diving/freediving: 

-A knife....A sharp one. Official: http://new.bangbros.com/videos/samba-cubana_27982.htm

Stream: http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=45453135 I can deal with everything but snakes lol i freeze like a deer.

I scuba seen hammer heads and all sorts of sharks the normally behave like that bear did. Cuban refugees picked up at sea were returned to Cuba where they were executed. The warship was his angel of death.  I know exactly nothing about diving so this may be a retarded question, but aren't knives standard equipment for scuba divers and as such a means to cut a hole in the net? &gt;There actually WAS a plan to full-out invade Cuba 

I didn't say the US wasn't considering invading Cuba.  What I said was that 

&gt; nobody would have thought it acceptable for the US to invade Cuba and annex it into part of the US. Cuban. We yell when we talk. I got double rainbow and emerald with the combo + 48 hours incubation at ALL IN A ROW Seems a bit of an overstated euphemism to refer to all of the genocide America's been a part of as "having it's flaws". Oh, and also its history of terrorism - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Project &gt; Are stay at home moms lazy pieces of shit? 

Yes, just as nature intended.  Women wouldn't have built-in incubators and food sacks hanging off their chests if they were meant to do anything else. Wait, so were you free diving? How deep were you? I had no idea this could even happen, I've never been warned of the dangers of encountering a giant seine net while scuba diving.... Terrifying! Glad you got out safe!  It's quite possible. 

Little things like having an incubator and getting a fungus gnat inside of it will spoil all the eggs inside. 

It's not as simple as what many people think - people only post their successes and not their failures online.
 I wanna be a scuba diver.... It's such a bad argument. That's like saying the US has the right to invade and take over cuba again due to cubans suffering under Castro's rule. 
 Thanks scuba bro Haha, it happens. I went looking for a Malice mod and got some [funny results](http://epipemods.com/steam-baux-e-hookah/la-cubana-custom-2-whip-steam-baux-1952.html). I think I stayed in that hotel in Cuba. Was there a lizard living in the toilet? It isn't owned just rented. Cuba merely refuses the money, they're always saying stuff like we don't want you here.
 Vasili Arkhipov, who stopped a Russian submarine from launching its nuclear missiles at the U.S. During the Cuban Missile Crisis. He was disobeying an order when he did it. His bravery is the reason we are all alive today, likely. I've considered Australia, Belize, Indonesia, couple others. Really been seriously considering Belize as of late. I like oceans and tropical shit and surfing and paddle boarding and scuba diving. Also, like manatees and sharks and shit.  The US was prepared to bomb it's own people in order to go to war with Cuba. I feel that there is some chance that these conspiracies are real. At least some of them.  Enjoy. I've been to Guam many times flying with the Air Force. Get your scuba certification (if you don't already have it). Some of the best diving in the world out there. Great vis, 80 degree water temps (no wetsuit needed), beautiful coral formations. You suddenly realize you are in the incubation for Ebola unit that you were assigned to manage three days prior.  Ah so not scuba,  I was questioning why this was a problem,   I mean, it'd suck in gear,  but you should have time to cut free.  &gt;It's more like if Mexico or Canada turned red and US suspected USSR was behind.

one could point out that the US still controls a part of cuba. Dickhead fish with land-SCUBA and a flashlight. Me and my family decided to walk around downtown and just pick somewhere we've never tried before... ended up at Big O's and loved it! Can't wait to go back and try their Cuban pizza :) When in Rome, try all the Cubans you can afford! While sailing off the shore of Havana, Cuba at night I saw a pretty bright glow appear below the boat. You simply don't expect a sudden glow during a calm night.  yeah exacto,,,especially cuban or most latin american joints So, what happened to BitWig/Ableton/Renoise/Reaper/FL/Reason/Cubase/Sonar/StudioOne/Magix/Sequoia/DigitalPerformer/Ardour/Logic/ACID/Garageband/Mixcraft/Mixbus/Mulab/ProTools/Tracktion?

i guess they are...there? Camacho makes the 1962 Pre-Embargo which uses Honduran, Nicaraguan, and pre-embargo Cuban tobaccos. Never tried it myself but I've heard good things. It's technically rented but Cuba can never kick them out so it's effectively owned. I thought about doing this before a Lions game in the parking lot of a Cuban restaurant that was unattended. I thought better of it, you don't want to get your teeth kicked in.  Don't think it's the only portal in Cuba. Yeah, I know that. But my mother is dark skinned, plus, cubans (even if they're fair-skinned) still look exotic here in Norway! &gt; The US was prepared to bomb it's own people in order to go to war with Cuba.

Not really prepared. It was a idea the Joint Chiefs approved of, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs was fired for it. Kennedy and McNamara both never signed it either. Cuban checking in. My grandfather sings to people at restaurants. Like, other people who he finds romantic something that he considers important enough to sing about. But which country is better off today, Cuba or the Dominican Republic? Of course! But, out of curiosity, are the prices of Cubans inflated in tourist destinations, as opposed to other out of country shops? That's a cuban anole. The one in the main picture looks like a different species.  Why are the bends a problem when doing SCUBA but not spearfishing (which I assume is tank-free)? Part of an incubator's startup camp and going public in a few weeks with a crowd-sourced project around VR and History.
We'll see if it's success or a failure! ;) 
Wishing you all the best in your projects!  Props to any other Cubasers I hear of... Scuba diving  and yoga! It's a shame I don't live on the coast for diving because it is so addictive. Think about Cuba, and the threat of nuclear warheads there pointing at "us" the US.  The proximity sure made a difference.   Nice. Cuba's made some good moves in the last few years. It's nice to see things like this. [This oddly specific but totally badass thing](http://www.padi.com/blog/2013/04/17/scuba-diver-jobs-cirque-du-soleil/)

I do similar work already, just not quite at this level. 
 Scuba 
Scuba
Subs scuba scuba scuba
You right that does sound weird  ask your field or a SCUBA shop Doubtful it was off the coast of Cuba...maybe I guess.  They sure as shit didn't tell us anything. It says 50 years [since] victory on the hull.

I guess time truly moves slowly in the Arctic. Did they not repaint the hulls since 1995, or are they celebrating the end of the Cuban Missile Crisis? I quite curious. How big is this? If I had to guess I'd say Cuba sized? Cubao Expo would be good. It feels like it's in the middle of Manila haha, and it's pretty accessible. I'll check the place out. Thanks for the suggestions! if anyone can figure that out, its Cuban mechanics.  they have been forced to figure out how to retrofit and jerryrig cars for decades I haven't went scuba diving in a while, but every time I did I had a dive knife with me. Wonder if you could have cut yourself free.  "My body"  
No. It's not your body anymore. You are now a walking talking incubator for a brand new body. You can have your "body" back after the other human is done LIVING in it. Yoan Moncada will emerge as the next great cuban and fly through the minors. Might struggle a bit early on but he will establish himself as an elite player by year 2.  My first Don Pepin. It's a Cuban Classic. It smokes really well and there's a good blast of pepper. I'm a fan now. I have issues too. I was just released from the hospital an hour ago because of more problems. I don't want to celebrate, I just don't. The incubator comment was meant as a joke, and I am sorry you took it differently.  You obviously never had the deliciousness that is cold cuban pizza 
[so fucking good](http://i.imgur.com/vNFiN3N.jpg) Cubans are VERY loud. I'm English and Cuban. We rock baked beans for brekkie and black beans for dinner. Double bean action baby. Where in Cuba are you going? That will help others provide suggestions.  All my stuff is listed in the description to each video. Lately though I've been using Cubase along with an Axe Fx II with Superior Drummer for the drums! It's programmed note for note. A few years ago, Fidel went on record and took full responsibility for the persecution of homosexuals in Cuba during the 60's and 70's. Can you imagine an American politician taking responsibility for their actions? This is wonderful news and certainly deserves to be celebrated. 

Now it's time for Cuba's past ally to step forward and do the same. 

Talking to you Putin.... *Technically* I don't think that's in Cuba I don't think that's accurate. I know plenty of people that have taken their phones to Cuba without issue. Cubans are LOUD. Can confirm.  Scuba sex Yeah, plenty of interviews with his family and close friends say he is alive. Some people think he lives in Cuba. My dad was scuba diving off the side of his boat in a kelp forest when he came up to a wall. He figured he'd gotten turned around because he didn't think he was in any kind of trench. Then the wall opened its eye. I'm sorry for your loss, but the [cuban in me was giggling](http://www.speakinglatino.com/fruta-bomba/) when I read your story.   They do it all the time. 

That said, I think its very important that the Cubans did so too.  Have you seen the roads in Cuba? Good thing they have cheap health care. Mark Cuban anyone? &gt;&gt; Are stay at home moms lazy pieces of shit? 

&gt;Yes, just as nature intended.  Women wouldn't have built-in incubators and food sacks hanging off their chests if they were meant to do anything else.

The fuck? My guy's name is Scuba.  Close'nuff Because there isn't any reason why different "families" cant coexist. 

But the whole hypothesis is stupid, I don't treat all Cubans or Spaniards as my family even though thats the race I belong to.  the Cuban Missile Crisis, I think he did pretty alright there in fairness. http://www.tripadvisor.ca/Travel-g147270-c143377/Cuba:Caribbean:Items.Allowed.Into.Cuba.html Yeah, no. In a lot of repressive regimes, the most immediate sign is that they censor media that's critical of how they do things, like China, Cuba, North Korea, etc. Hecuba! (mythological Hector's mother's name, but also kind of fits as a feminine version of Hector.) 


Male Lyn's clothes would take after Guy/Rath/Shin/Dayan, I assume. Except, in /u/cataringso's example, we would be annexing Cuba. In real life, we never annexed Iraq. I've always wanted an Axe FC. Do you use a cab or just record straight out of the Axe FX to Cubase? Cubase 7.5. But I've been using Mixcraft for a long time before it. I'm curious what will be a bigger obstacle to marriage equality in Cuba... the regime or the church? /u/theoddcuban In the real Miami in the 1980s, the beef was between the Cubans and Colombians. It's totally plausible that the Russians would side with one or the other. Especially while they were getting their asses whipped by 50 Blessings. Future ferry to Cuba. How do  I go about doing this? I'm a little new to Cubase. In theory their would be no reason to even have a hull in this scenario, just a platform to bolt machinery to, but yeah then you are looking into the diving ability of SCUBA gear which is typically less than that of an actual submarine Wow that's incredible, makes me want to go scuba diving! Wouldn't the scuba gear still be at the risk of bending or implosion? Or perhaps like if Cuba turned red? You could! You just need the right setup. What are you running right now? Are you trying hc cuba or a different carpeting plant Cuba take note. I can give you many examples of socialist societies in history, but let's just go for one that exists today, right now: Cuba.  The league is doing its best to prove that smug dickhead Mark Cuban right.  Americans are welcome to come in the areas of Cuba we frequent, we aren't dicks to them. Well Cenesex is funded and supported by the Cuban government, one of the goals of the organization is to promote marriage equality on the island.  Yeah, Mt. Vic and of course the Kelburn overlook. I lived in Wellington for a year on Cuba St. It was great, can't wait to go back someday. Why does Cuba get 2? They couldn't use Ceausescu? Tito? Mengistu Haile? Karmal? There's no shortage of Marxists in the 20th century with significantly higher body counts than Fidel and Che combined. There are quite a lot of unclaimed portals in cuba. Just zoom in on Havana. Hundreds There are tons of unclaimed portals in cuba. Zoom in almost anywhere in Havana Minnie Minoso. [You'll always be a hall of famer in our eyes](http://espn.go.com/mlb/story/_/page/blackhistoryMLBminoso/white-sox-great-minnie-minoso-integration-fan-appreciation-cuba-hof-slight) As soon as I'm done reading reddit comments about the TPP partnership, I'll just grab my SCUBA apparatus and dive into your TMPSSSS system and see if it's FUBAR'ed beyond all recognition. ##54- UK 
##55- Ireland
##56- Cuba
##57- Mars


 Wow mav fans are annoying as cuban is The old Marc Cuban move It's related, but not crawfish/crayfish. Unless you're in Cuba/the Caribbean.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Langostino liquied swords - gza, only built 4 cuban linx - rae Wait.  Are there more programs like this in... China?  A non-capitalist nation?  Maybe Cuba?  How's that working out?  Perhaps Russia?  Yeltsin got it figured out? I believe they were Cuban.  I'm really surprised to see information about North Korea and Cuba. Apparently big Android users. Really, Cuba hasn't changed much lately. The only real changes are US policy changes. Cuba's policies have changed hardly at all in recent years.
 A fake Cuban RyJ Churchill I dissected... https://twitter.com/CraigCDMcigars/status/584021679573184512 Yup, you got Cubans.  Epically Epic is totally my favorite lip balm formula. But I just bought a bunch when the Cuban scents came out and so I'm gonna hold off until whenever the next release is. But Sleepytime was out of stock then and it's tempting me! You guys are awesome but Cuba looks like shit ;( .....psh that's what it is anyways, peace out ! If you're wearing them go actually work out, absolutely go for it, but otherwise, no. 

Is like scuba gear.  Yes, by all means, wear scuba gear when you go diving.  But don't walk around public wearing it. 
 I got my scuba cert on the dive I saw a 7 ft tiger shark, I feel lucky now Die Krupps, KMFDM, Turmion Katilot, Vigilante, Leather Strip, :wumpscut:, Das Ich, Eisbrecher, Unheilig, Punish Yourself, Cubanate Cuba is a socialist country and this is a major social issue in countries around the world.

Are you just trolling here or are you actually confused? I second ATPH and LD. 
True Grit surprised and pleased me
For some of the best westerns ever I recommend Elmore Leonard - he is the master:
Hombre
Valdez is coming 
Cuba Libre
The Bounty Hunters No fuck that we're adding it the cigar room we have. The loser has to smoke a doble gordo. The winner gets a Cuban.  Mexico, Canada or perhaps Cuba? So $3 per meg to keep your sojourner on holiday in Cuba. Seems cheap. Cuba? I've definitely gotten good fakes in the Cuban countryside from farmers and bad fakes in the cities. Beautiful wrappers but shit insides. Paul Blart : Scuba Dooby 2 the government of cuba will not be an obstacle. 

I wonder which will be a bigger obstacle in america, the regime or the church  &gt; The Dolphins offered him more money, a better chance to win, better weather, no state income taxes, and Cuban sandwiches on every damn street corner. Why wouldn't he want to go? Can you answer that honestly?

love it Croquetas are made in Cuba (so Miami, really), too. Ham or some other protein paste that's made with a bechamel sauce, I take it? Cuba is poor but it's hardly primitive.  Cuban Fury Yeah that's how he made his billion. It's kind of a parody of a bunch of younger VC guys, but that aspect is how Mark Cuban got his wealth. I've gone scuba diving during a coral spawning. Semen everywhere. Big reason why I never want to learn how to scuba dive. Fuck that scary shit.
 Almost nobody these days has a good nickname, I disagree. Johnny Baseball? Terrible. We need more nicknames like, "the Cuban missile" and "big daddy Vladdy". In no particular order:

Get married

Have a career that I enjoy

Own a house

Swim naked

See the northern lights

Climb a mountain

Fly in a wingsuit

Scuba dive by a corral reef

Write a book

Travel and see as much of the world as possible He is not a corrupt dictator, Cuba is a socialist central democracy. Japan (again), UK, Panama, and Cuba.  As last question of AMA, I would like to ask that, what would recommend to learners to do (to prepare for Hindi. ) while Hindi for English speakers is being incubated. : ) Looking for black haze aka Cuban black.  I'm not a sailor, but I SCUBA dive.

When you just sit or peek on the ledge of a very deep part where you cannot see the surface anymore, that's creepy. Because Cuba went the distance baby But Cuba way more hardcore then those pussy state capitalists. The Cuban population gets to live in medieval squalor and drive 1950s cars. The Chinese just get really good iphone ripoffs.  Not the OP, but I'm guessing something like cuban rice and pulled chicken. Came in in the hope of reading encouraging comments like "good on you Cuba" or something like that... Then I got remembered that it's r/worldnews... Any chance that the U.S. government will invest in and incubate startups, similar to the Enterprise Ireland program? Producers: Ableton, FL Studio, Logic, Cubase. Studios: Pro-Tools, Cubase/Nuendo. Some movie soundtrack types use Digital Performer. And a few pros use Reaper, Reason, and Studio One. That awkward moment when Cuba legalizes gay marriage as a country before the United States. &gt; A recent poll showed that 75% of Cubans are afraid to speak their minds publicly.

I wonder how this works: Isn't being afraid to openly voice ones opinions exactly the kind of thing they would be afraid to voice openly? Who did that poll? I've  been seeing more in the incubator mention doing recordings  Since 2008 you can also have a free sex change operation in Cuba. as scubasteve said, scientific notation starts in this game at 1.000e68, which is one level above * iirc, regardless of using scientific notation or not Living the American dream. In Cuba. The 1999 investigation showed that the blast came from outside the ship.

I think the best theory these days is that a Cuban revolutionary group set off the mine to force the US into a war with Spain. Not that it took that much forcing. It didn't change as suddenly as you say. There were changes, of course, but there is still a latent machoismo homophobia in Cuba. Yeah, fuck fucking Cristiano Ronaldo fuckety fucking fuck Cuban Missile Crisis fucking fickety fuck Gregor Mendel. 

it's an amazing word. The land is still considered Cuban soil, we simply lease the land from them and send them a rent check every month. That they haven't cashed in about half a century. Just watched a doc on him and FDR. After a battle in Cuba in which his unit lost over 60 men, the most of any unit, he declared it the greatest day of his life. The man was a straight killer. Ask obama why he is such a pathetic piece of shit.

Ask Mark Cuban if he wants to grab a beer.

Ask that hot blonde if she wants the D We're you there for the Haitians and the Cubans? 

I'd love to hear more! Obviously once they disembarked, we got underway again and really never got to see the aftermath. We did Shangaied, we're doing Cuban Crisis today before we head home. I'm by no way a fan of Cuba, but this would be a great step. Hopefully my country will have same sex marriage soon too I have the perfect track for you:
Scuba - why you feel so low I pretty much agree. If they fix the whole torturing and imprisoning dissenters thing Cuba would probably be more modern than most nations on earth. Some work mates and I did kind of that same thing with [an Orange and a SCUBA tank](https://youtu.be/vImkLpJGwKU) a while back.
(Warning: loud) Also Cuba is the only environmentally sustainable country on the planet according to various organizations  This is me everyday. Except it's Ready to Die, Illmatic, Cuban Linx, or Liquid Swords. I'm a nerdy looking white girl. But in my car? Don't fuck with me. I'm a killer MC.  I mean it depends if he's a mainstay artist you listen to weekly or not. For me liking kenny Chesney more than zac brown band is like liking Maná more than Cafe Tacuba. YES, I WOULD ARGUE THAT!  Would you not?  Same with Cuba!  Just because you call yourself something doesn't actually make you one. Scuba suit? Extremely helped the poor, has said evolution and the Big Bang did happen, fought against pedophiles in the church, part of the US-Cuba negotiations. But yeah you're right he's terrible.  Yeah, but the interesting thing here is that the sub is still providing potection, and it being filled with water is even more protection. Comments here are muddled on the net effect, but certainly you'd be able to go deeper than with *just* scuba gear. lol at [this comment](http://np.reddit.com/r/Catholicism/comments/35hu3o/pope_francis_inspires_cubas_raul_castro_towards/cr4jir4) on /r/catholicism. People actually think Cuba is communist. I'm in no hurry. I'll set them aside for a while. They seem like they are inexpensive Mexican sticks so there's no issue if they don't get better. I'm mostly just happy with the $5 humidor and opportunity to dissect a fake Cuban  And the Dominican Republic is better than Cuba in each and every system you mentioned. According to recent history, I suspect Cuban to do the following:
 
* re-sign Jefferson, Villanueva, Stoudemire to 7 year deals
* go all out max-deal for Oscar Robinson (he's 76, but we could use the veteran leadership).  Cuba, Iran talks, universal healthcare, marijuana decriminalization.... just saying Same owners of so many other speakeasys in LA too. My two favs are la descarga, a Cuban rum bar where you enter through a closet, and breakroom 86, you go through a long empty corridor and enter from behind a working snack vending machine.  Am cuban, we call them bananas lol  I'm actually Cuban. This sounds like some solid advice imo. Im a fan of Mark Cuban and this is exactly how he did it. Took a couple million, got comfortable then went after the big fish. You mind doing an AMA or making a thread discussing your experience? Hmmmmmmmm. I only understand filthy Cuban Spanish, and if you know anything about Cuban Spanish is that you don't understand it. Hullo! Sorry, I was in Cuba and had no internet! I'm pulling together napkin calculations now for the final two match days, and SportsClubStats is now fully up to date: http://www.sportsclubstats.com/England/Premier.html Cuba, Venezuela, y Grecia estan como estan gracias precisamente a la derecha que tanto veneras.        
 Esto es lo que trae la derecha: http://www.reddit.com/r/podemos/comments/30opyb/las_colas_del_hambre_en_espa%C3%B1a_consecuencia_de/ Idk if Jeb would be for open borders. He's already disappointed me on his pro-Cuban embargo stance, so I can't imagine he'd be willing to loosen immigration restrictions.  Cuba &gt; Mehico Cuba also gets the majority of their food in the form of food AID from the U.S., and has since the early 2000s. Part of their spending has led to them not being able to feed their own people. 
 When you're an old cuban man playing dominoes.  Very good cuban/puerto rican plates, sandwiches, and sides, and shorter lines than Paseo, which seemed to relish in its scarcity, though I'm not sure if the new owner [edit: of *Paseo*] is a nitwit like the old one. The US is a republic comprised of different governments. Cuba isnt. Its different. To.start.  Grab the latest CA mag on Cuba.   Read it through then come ask some questions.  It covers a lot of what I'd recommend anyway.  Why are you not a fan of Cuba? Just curious as to what your reasons are because I hope you don't pay attention to the western propaganda.   Ad he also cause the Cuban Missile crisis.  Yep! All done with Superior Drummer with a piano roll in Cubase. I'm not much of a drummer. You can do this trick with a golf ball and a scuba diving tank. # [Removed from /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35h3um/cuban_gays_show_pride_in_march_and_mass_symbolic/) [Covered by other articles]

 Also worth considering - I'm pretty sure all of the Scarlett interfaces come with DAWs. Mine came with Ableton, I looked at one that came with Cubase. You should be able to get something better than Garageband with it when you pick it up.
 Goal is to grow hc cuba witout algae. The US has embargoed Cuba, I haven't seen anything about them giving aid to them.  You should never have to decompress at the end of a recreational scuba dive. Oh wow - I'm pretty up on my American politics, but I didn't realise that Havana Club (and by extension other Cuban products) were wholesale unavailable in the states. 

In the UK, Havana Club is just another standard rum manufacturer OOC: He seemed alright when I first started. Even offered lunch to him a couple of times I think.

I want to start a thread, but I know I'm going scuba diving in an hour. :( Bears and scuba certs sounds great! If your cat is permanently shrouded in ribbons of blue energy then you should probably tell a scientist, or something

Looks like Scuba I hear China only appoints the "members of society" who have the "high achievements" required to run government. Cuba too. Russia... Maybe you could take an extended trip to one of those countries, and leave us and our democratic process alone.  No smell at all really, so I might stick them back in with the others in the incubator. Thank you for your comment buddy! Cuban food, *drool*, is the shortest path to a heart attack. Amazing, if Cuba is Socialist *and* Catholic then I think I may have to move. I need one that sells Cuban bread and ham and chicken croquets... Apparently with a scuba tank you can make oranges, and cantaloupes float as well. It's the dimples on the surface that makes it easy. It's not surprising that people would really think that Cuba is a "Communist country." So long as it's a capital C, it is; a lowercase, not for a long while. All American presidents are Ivey league graduates. That's another example. Why hate on Cuba and China. Try Cubase. Next best thing to Nuendo and much cheaper. Works like a charm, especially if you want to score. That guy looks too young and broke to be Mark Cuban. Dick pic or it didn't happen. Now... A 2003 Cohiba dc el, and a Cuban davidoff, or and a cohiba gran reserva obv. Rookie Cuban 3rd baseman has never seen snow?  START HIM AT 3RD BASE ON A SNOWY DAY! Seconded... I kinda have to say that because Alan is our course director at Scuba Leeds (runs TechWise.) They really are a top quality dive operation. Guided dives will provide you with a top notch dive buddy (as in the guide!) That was definitely true in the past, but the Cuban regime has backed off on suppressing religion in the past couple decades, and a majority of the population is Catholic.  Just learnin' about Cuba, eatin' some food I might sound stupid here, but I'll ask anyway. Who is Mark Cuban? I'm not a native Spanish speaker, but I'm also well acquainted with (non-Mexican, mostly Cuban) Spanish slang. I never heard "puto" as a gay slur. One using gay slurs is probably going to say "maricon."  nah. visited a cuban crafters store and snagged a cutter, but nothing really stood out. I'm always confused when I see the Colorado flag, because I'm convinced it's Cuba's flag, until I look it up again.

My habituation gene is malfunctioning. Opus X A. 

More obtainable. Cuban RyJ tubo.  It was a cuban Romeo Y Julietta, I was gonna smoke it shy of it turning green and gaining sentiance. Went for a dive at Mooloolaba yesterday. Any scuba divers here, I highly recommend doing the HMAS Brisbane wreck dive. Lol I guess they aren't aware that Baseball is one of the [most popular sports in Cuba]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baseball_in_Cuba).  That is definitely not Mark Cuban. Woo!!  Cuban Missile!!!! Yep. Joining the ATT posse my Cuban bruh!!

So, how is k-ville treating you?  It's a bit of a shithole, if I'm honest. Kids swarming around begging for food, terrorists chucking bombs and stuff. If you're not into ancient Egypt, or scuba diving, there's no good reason to visit.  lol we? I never owned anything in cuba. but your right, things have been terrible here in america since 1961, how on earth did we recover without cuban casinos!!!! lol

edit: its butthurt to try to overthrow ur enemy? since when groupon has vacations are you looking 500 each or combined? if its each you could do cuba other wise idk Yes, because the many decades of American terrorism on the Cuban people is something we should immidietly forget about too. Huh, smart guy? I like them talking about how Cubans aren't exposed to American baseball history due to the media blackout in Cuba. Puig had no idea who the fuck Luis Gonzalez was, it wasn't his fault. It was a circumstance of his environment.  Oh indeed, it's all Snowden's fault. Why, Snowden himself even tore Iraqi babies from their incubators and dashed them against a wall! The monster. I hear he also delivered WMD to Saddam Hussein personally! When I was in Cuba my GPS worked just fine... so did my phone, it also wasn't taken from me or suggested that it would.

This was before I played but none the less they don't even look at your phone entering Cuba Not sure about the Queretaro scene, but there are definitely a lot of dev jobs, startups, VCs, and even a few incubators in Guadalajara. I'd be interested to hear about what it's like in Queretaro.  I've been to Cuba several times with my phone... never once did they try to take it from me Um, he identifies as Cuban. It's fair to ask him about the why and how.


That being said, the music question was unfair. Cubans listen to all kinds of music.  Yeah, I'd love to be hearing more from the ground there. Wish I knew some actual people from Cuba! http://www.cubarte.cult.cu/sites/default/files/proccessed/54764d73ad142.  nog too bad That's for scuba diving, not lifting... cuBanitos Looks like a cuban knight anole to me To be fair if you were to look at American foreign policy since Castro has been in charge I'd rather be Cuban at any time in the last 60 years than living in a state with a resource the American government (or corporations) want. American influence on other countries would prevent this. 

"You're going to trade with Cuba? Then no longer with us!" /u/gastonnerval [had something to say](http://www.reddit.com/r/Catholicism/comments/35hu3o/pope_francis_inspires_cubas_raul_castro_towards/cr4tdtn) worth considering. I thought socialists said that once socialism was implemented everyone would have equal rights. Why hasn't Cuba magically achieved equality like you guys promised? Even r/cuba is dead  You don't understand why losing the United States as a trading partner just to have Cuba as one would be a bad idea? If Cuban gives him more money, he might.   Humpty Dumpty made a phone call
Humpty Dumpty called the National Mall
All the FBI women and CIA men
Made sure Humpty stayed in a dark Cuban pen Ok...

And it would be a terrible choice to drop a trade relationship with the USA just to gain one with Cuba.  The 7 year really is quite good. I ran out of Doorly's and prefer gold rums in my cuba libres, so I said "Hey let's try it" to the 5 year. It makes a fine cuba libre, but just isn't as multipurpose as the 7, which can fit in a lot more places. Yeah it really is but some DAW metronomes are really irritating like I think it's cubases metronome is really annoying to listen to  Second for Cubase or Nuendo. Both DAWs are very similar to Logic, and they seem to handle video related applications as well as any. Let me know if you would like to trade for one of those Billy beers. Beer, bourbon, scotch, Cuban rum... Turner does look pretty Cuban...smh steiner Children are bombarded with political ideology any time they turn on the TV, see a newspaper or log on to Facebook.

Also, a large chunk of UK society would benefit from living on Cuba, where the people are guaranteed housing and food. Cuba Gooding Jr. eaten by snow dogs  WE'RE LUCKY IT'S 2-0. GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER. ALSO THE CUBAN PLACE DOWN THE STREET CLOSED EARLY AND I CAN'T GET A CUBANO SANDWICH.

FUCK THIS GAY EARTH.  If this world really was gay you'd be able to get that cuban We just got a Cuban restaurant down the street. [Ok have fun](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Cuba) The real world is too much for Scuba.  CUBAN BREAKFAST WITH A HALFDONG Cuban Dongle! Actually, I have to agree with you! When I get that money I might just go with that! I also like the fact that it comes with a copy of Cubase (even if it is a demo). Thanks! THERE'S THOSE CUBAN LIGHTS!!

##AURORA MORALES!! Is a Cuban RyJ that hard to get? Okay that question may sound strange but for me (Dutch) I can just walk down the street and get one for €5,20 (no.3 tubos) I think that you will really enjoy Cubase.  I have Cubase 7 Elements and enjoy every second of using it.  

IMO it completely destroys Reaper in terms of features, functionality, and aesthetics.   I'm Cuban, B! Be sure to outreach to the Cuban-American population, they'll be really influential in the Florida Democratic primary.

Has anyone made campaign materials in Spanish yet? LOOKS LIKE THE CAPS GOT MY MESSAGE AND AVENGED MY CUBAN SANDWICH THIS PERIOD. THANKS FOR WAKING UP! I haven't been to Sandals, but I absolutely loved Atlantis. There are an immense amount of fun activities and things to do for all ages. Wonderful location for scuba diving as well.  That's just for windows, and only some.  Live's, Cubase's, Logic's, etc... are not usable in other DAWs. That doesn't happen though.

The Netherlands and Canada are Cuba's biggest trading partners.

Last I heard, we still trade with them. 

 those tiger faces for the kids must be from the dude that pitched his idea on sharktank and got a deal with mark cuban, eh https://twitter.com/mcuban/status/597570586303410177

I don't know if this is true or he's trolling Rockford had a really good cuban before they were bought out by Hibernian.  /r/Tampa doesn't need this shit.  This isn't a place for arguing about pizza.  This is a place for bitching about nonstandard Cuban sandwiches.  Get with the program, lads. Sure is. Even with our embargo, the US is Cuba's 5th largest trading partner and their largest food supplier.  Yup! Half Cuban and Mexican. [Obviously provoked, but this guy died as a result of a goliath grouper attack](http://www.scubadiving.com/training/lessons-life/lessons-life-wounded-grouper-strikes-back-fatally) No.  MAGG is certainly among the worst, but The Creeping Terror and Red Zone Cuba are worse in my eyes.  Monster A Go Go is certainly terrible, but it had its moments. Scuba is life! [My top 5](http://i.imgur.com/1LMp52X.jpg)

* A Tribe Called Quest - Midnight Marauders
* UGK - Ridin' Dirty
* Raekwon - Only Built 4 Cuban Linx
* Kendrick Lamar - Good Kid Mad City
* Grandmaster Flash - On The Strength

It was hard to only pick 5. Check out Tropical Picken Chicken in either Wake Forest or Raleigh.  Fantastic Cuban/PR/Dominican dishes at great prices. Their Cuban is rediculous.  While ive not had it, Ive been told by a miami native that their Flan is the best around. http://fansided.com/2015/05/10/mark-cuban-j-a-adande-twitter-spat-hack-a-player-method/

I love that there is an NBA owner who says "bitching" on twitter and for people who want to know the difference:

you can pronounce an acronym as a word, such as SCUBA

with initialism you pronounce the letters 

 Hahaha right! But if there was an owner I'd expect to do it, it'd be Cuban. Father Cuba, send us to paradise. COME ON CUBAN BRUNCH LET'S CHOW DOWN HERMANO ##THE CUBAN LIGHTS ARE BEAUTIFUL THIS TIME OF GAME I am pretty sure you aren't using one now,  woman! You are incubating baby pumpkin.  It's [still around](https://incubator.apache.org/wave/), but I don't think there's been any significant development done on it over the past 3 years.  If it was still with Google though, Hangouts would probably be very different. &gt;cuban_bee_71

&gt;You are Gay and Faggot! Iron Sheik will Fuck you in the Ass a make your Humble! It does hook nicely into [Cubase](http://www.steinberg.net/en/products/cubase/start.html), though. Scuba, gonorrhea, corn husks. &gt; And I can't imagine a linguist being close to reported outbreaks of ULTRAFRENCH and not getting pulled into its seductive gravitational field. 

Duolingo confirmed that Ultrafrench is being added to the Incubator. Ambassador to Cuba. Great cigars I'm told. Well, my sister forgot to bring underwear on a 2 week vacation in Cuba. Shit, like mark cuban said, free throws are boring if you make or miss them.(paraphrased)  Cuban knight anole. 

Could be someone's pet that was released, but people keep saying they are seeing them makes me worried they are breeding there.

Like Florida needs more invasive species... sheesh. Cuban bread at our NC Publix?!? Now I have to go. Every small Cuban child, now adults,  know what's up Make Cuban sandwiches?  Mark Cuban sends his regards *stabs repeatedly*  I'm thinking about quitting my job and turning my house into a live-in startup software incubator. Mark Cuban = Roose Bolton?


Yeah, I can see that. Ah, right...

The Clippers would be Roose Bolton, and Mark Cuban would be Jaime Lannister.

I don't like Houston being Robb Stark though. Mark Cuban's comment was spot on. It's too bad we were also a bad team :( Indeed, [MRW getting called Mark Cuban](http://i.imgur.com/6svwzB4.jpg) AFAIK many hetro Cubans don't get married either? Why yes. You can buy Cuban bread in North Carolina now.  If I were Cuban I would give you gold for the "but it's so predictable" comment.  I've had their Cuban - it was decent. But I imagine OP is looking for something a little more authentic.
 You're thinking of Felix's Cafe (Cuban) in the circle! Cuba is far from having the highest standard of living in the Caribbean. It is better than Haiti but that is the worst country in the western hemisphere. Cuba is about in the middle.  I'm not huge like most of the guys on here, but I'm absolutely fascinated with marine life, coral in particular. I scuba whenever I can and i've owned many saltwater fish tanks. agreed...it didn't work for Cuba..so..lets stop the stupidity Have you ever seen "Big Fish" with Ewan McGreggor? If I know I'm going to die a mostly able-bodied old man, then I'd live with so little fear. I'd take up hang-gliding, scuba-diving in exotic, dangerous waters, anything. Looks like the caffe americano and cubano espressos are called for, thanks guys Rosario Dawson is "hispanic" (specifically, [Afro-cuban](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afro-Cuban) descent), Claire Temple is very much black. They hate us cuz they ain't us. Got dem sponsors hollering at a playa like wut up G? I'm all like SHOW ME THE MONEY JERRY, congratulations Jerry, you are still me agent! (Cuba Gooding shirtless dance party).  SO anti communist.  He probably doesn't believe in Marxism.  What a joke.  I would be offended if I were a true cuban national party believer.   Well, it depends from what you compare with, but its like what you have in a scuba tank.  Isn't Goku incubator born? Unfortunately, Cuba has recently (like most western nations) been swept up in gay propaganda, so hopefully the visit from the pope will help him see the light. No gay "marriage" yet, thankfully. Mark Cuban Niggarettes?

Edit: Before everyone get's all pissy, I'm cuban so, close enough.
 If America is so 'fucking awful' why doesn't she leave, nobody is stopping her. She's probably welcome in Cuba... You realize the editors left that in there for people like you so they could post it on the internet and e-jack cuban, right? I mean dammit stop sending dots to that Cuban station, I want to talk to them. At least you had a great time making your incubaby? I think Miami would be a good choice especially considering communist Cuba being so close and what implications that has for the Fallout universe. The environment is also different from what we've seen before. That is the nature of dotp revolution. My hope is obviously not for Cuba to remain isolated, but for the socialist revolution to continue developing and eating at global capitalism. Dotp is not a permanent state of affairs, it is transitional. generally I agree.. Possibly a Cuban Anole though.  It's highly invasive in Florida.   Fidel was ready to fire nukes at the US if the US invaded Cuba.  

It was a serious game of chicken.  &gt; Fidel was ready to fire nukes at the US if the US invaded Cuba.

Oh yeah, no doubt about that - but if I remember correctly, Ché just is actually quoted as saying he would've nuked (first(?)). I gave counter examples, namely, Free Ukraine and the EZLN. Both were/are much closer to disbanding any traditionally defined state than Cuba ever dreamed of and I say this as a someone who generally supports Cuba.  An 'incubator'? Is there a TOO LONG DIDNT READ?

All I really want to know is if Castro is genetically linked to Hitler.   I thnk I'e enjoy Cuba (screw it we got tech is Castro linked to Hitler, Kennedy, or Putin?) What has Cuba done to you? Lots of unfair places in Britain to refer too it's actually Tywin Lannister sends his regards.. so Cuban would be Tywin  Those Cuban sanctions really fucked Fidel's game up.  goddamn scubadivers DAE Scuba? Man, I'm old I'm not sure how well FL behaves as a rewired application (basically using Cubase as a DAW and FL as a plugin) but it would likely be easier to just export from FL and load samples into Cubase. SCUBA tank with the valve broken off. &gt; Also cuba is quite successful in its transition

How? La Herencia Cubana Core Belicoso.... just a great draw throughout and enjoyable. I work in Cancer Immunology, and an article about a Cuban lung cancer vaccine caused a bit of a stir over at WorldNews. I posted that I was experienced in the area and answered some questions, and reaped so much tasty Karma that day!  I have expanded on my original comment; being who I am and the ladder I have climbed in life without the benefit of having come from the incubator social circles most in my position have come from, I am secure in my approach to people and life.  Have any of us claimed that Cuba is the ideal endpoint of a Socialist society? ^^^The ^^^answer ^^^is ^^^no I like Cuban for his enthusiasm but Robert is such a great personality too. He's easily one of the most likable sharks and is most of the times the most positive guy there. Hey Cuban Guy Mike, it sounds like you are in a lot of pain. I most likely don't have a magic cure, but if you would like to have a chat, about anything that you prefer, I am here for you. Cuban and russian i think Wait, so the Soviet union or Cuba who called themselves communist states weren't utopian!? Oakwood cafe has great cubans! I think it is planning to be the Cuba/Sinatra for Elixir ;) Cuba is a very small Ruby web-framework based on Rack. It wasn't, there was an strong abolitionist movement back then. Besides Puerto Rico, Cuba and Brazil all the Western Hemisphere had already freed their slaves. it's Raul's daughter , and i'm not sure she is gay , i just am sure that she has done a lot for the lgbt community in cuba Cuba is pretty impoverished.  Love them. In a similar vein, Orishas (Cuba) and ChocQuibTown (Colombia). Marami dito sa amin. Uuwi daw siya ng sorsogon. Tapos halos 1month na nandoon parin siya. Meron din sa cubao na.nanghihingi ng abuloy ng kapwa nila driver na namatay daw. Parang 2years nang patay yon di pa nalilibing.
 I got chastised the other day by a guy who thought i was too lazy to put the rubbish in the bin. I sure as hell am not going to put a smelly ass big mac incubator in my bag. Not even gonna eat there anymore, not worth it. The cuban part stands out the most for me, you're a gorgeous latina 8.5/10, I think photo #5 is the one that made me say "Wow!" La Gloria Cubana Serie R BLACK
Partagas Black Label
Partagas 1845
Partagas 1845 Extra Oscuro Este es el grandioso aporte de la revolución cubana: matasanos que no saben ni agarrar un bolígrafo.  Mind sharing your opinion on my question [Bali/RajaAmpat/Komodo or Bali/Gili/Lombok](http://www.reddit.com/r/scuba/comments/35l6ai/beginner_baliraja_ampatkomodo_or_just/) then as I'm having this dilemma precisely but about specific parts of Indonesia :/ who the fuck got health #1 rating.. i checked UK but they're #5... I thought they'd be 1 and we'd be 2.... I'm fucking shocked that US got #12... i thought they'd be on par with nigeria...


cuba... im fuckin checking cuba. nope it's spain... Cuban Revolution in Durham!  I'm not a big fan of most of the food at Cuban Revolution - it's OK, and not too expensive if I remember. But the Cuban Sandwich was REALLY good! Good beer deals too, great spot to sit outside I've always wondered why they can't be grown in tubes, incubators or something. Load the FL Multi VSTi into Cubase and enable as many outputs as you want. Problem solved. # [Removed from /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35irp7/after_meeting_pope_cuban_president_says_he_may/) [Covered by other articles]

 I think the dissatisfaction comes from entitled, unpleasable crybabies who expect their specific aesthetic demands to be met at all times. The same people angry that Rollins is *DRESSED IN A SCUBA SUIT, HURRR*, etc. thats. thats a scuba tank I enjoyed the Cuban at Hibernian. Threw me off ordering it at an Irish pub but it was worth it.  Plus, we get to vacation in Cuba and have great cigars again! Well, call up Kevin Bacon and get some scuba tanks ready,...
Ladies and gentlemen, we have yet another Tremors sequel!! No. It says 3500 days since a major hurricane (CAT 3 or higher) struck the U.S. 

It was a CAT 3 when it struck Cuba. Cuba is not a part of the US. 

 It was a CAT 2 when it hit the U.S. That's not the case though. Sandy was Category 1 when it his New Jersey, there is no spin. It was Category 3 when it made landfall in Cuba, so what? How does that matter for the US hurricane statistics? dami sa cubao Dominican cigars are almost identical, in many ways Cuban cigars developed a better reputation through the ban, because we always want what we can't have. That's why he let Jay-Z go to Cuba... Have you tried Cubase? I feel it's more versatile than Fruity. Then again I haven't messed around with FL too much. it is said that on a windy day a cat falling from the Empire State building employing said gliding surfaces can reach Cuba in just under an hour. Well just yesterday he was credited with being a huge help in brokering a détente between the US and Cuba. Clearly he's trying to put his influence to good use, 'demagogue' or not.
 A good story that is for sure.

SO, since the Cuban numbers stations are still quite active in operation are the Russian spies still active? SCBA's arent used underwater - SCUBA's are.

I think its a 150ci, and I believe its a 4500psi Also because it's the correct thing to do. 

Those old Cubans who still fantasize about taking back their lands from Fidel are dying off.  And it's everywhere! I don't go to grocery stores and Cuban sandwich shops to raise hell. "I'm not boycotting Israel... I just prefer products from other places". And the 40 year US boycott of Cuba? was that racist? Boycotting ISIS oil? Illegal now? Restrictions placed on Russia? Illegal racist actions committed by the Canadian government? You should, because unless that pork has the skin on it, it ain't Cuban son.

Source: Went to the midwest. Had a shitty "Cuban" sandwich that didn't even look right &gt;I hold the position that Cuba is to a notable extent socialist and not state capitalist like the USSR or China.

What makes you think so? I will scuba dive in that ass Check this out: http://www.elitefts.com/education/rehab-recovery/band-pull-apart-super-series-for-healthy-shoulders/

Edit: Also, stop doing the cuban press for now in case it's causing damage.  He's fine, just took an impromptu vacation to beautiful Guantanamo, Cuba.  &gt;He's trying to avoid losing a confrontation with the public at large by keeping us in the dark as much as he can and for as long as he can.

Which is exactly what was done for the ACA and the FCC's Net Neutrality.   And Iran.  And Cuba.  I really wanna go to Cuba...I have two passports so maybe I can sneak on over there  This came on for me, I couldn't even do my International Relations revision as the Cuban Missile Crisis was blocked for 'Weapons of Mass Destruction'. Oswald had spent time in Russia and was involved with the Cuban embassy in Mexico City with very, very little income...you don't think the CIA pulled his strings?  Are you one of those people who think Cubans don't speak Spanish ? TIL what SCBA and SCUBA stand for, thanks I'm going to Cuba at the end of the month! Never been before, I'm *so* excited! I would love to hear any tips/must do's from your experience :) Fcc opened itself to public comment. 

Cuba and Iran don't really affect the jobs or daily lives of average Americans.

TPP could cost you a job, or change copyright  *Manta Claws

The Monarch found out that Manta Claws uses a Hidden Scuba Tube and has Claws made out of Sculpey.

Is this him?

http://teamventure.org/vbwiki/Unnamed_Hammerhead_Villain Between this and the need for fresh voters, the olive branch extended to Cuba now makes perfect sense, although I suspect the former was just a serendipitous secondary gain. Cuban would win.  Surreptitious sonofabitch.  So Cuba has *potentially* developed a lung cancer vaccine.  You think normalizing relations is going to help win democrats Cuban American voters? If anything it will cost them Cuban American voters, because they're mostly very anti Castro. Change the word "Cuban" to "Black Person" and I think you'll get it.  I'm imagining you as a fabulous Cuban cross dresser. We leave the selection plates in the incubator for 3-4 days, sometimes for a week. The GC content of our overhangs ranges from around 30-40% &gt; And Cuba.

Care to go into detail about this? All he did was relax tensions between countries. Why would something like that need debate, and how complicated could it be? There wasn't a whole lot to keep secret... ...well, that one certainly wasn't in my PADI scuba diving manual.  &gt; Can't express any political dissent without fear of getting arrested

Playing a bit of devil's advocate, but why is Yoani Sanchez allowed to express her feelings about the Cuban government? [Some good discussion on this](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/33pl8l/cuba_has_had_a_lung_cancer_vaccine_for_years_with/cqn862e). I can't wait to see how many Americans find out how good and inexpensive Cuban doctors are and start going there for medical tourism. http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/33pl8l/cuba_has_had_a_lung_cancer_vaccine_for_years_with/cqn862e I just looked that up. I love scuba diving, but I don't think I have what it takes to handle an underwater mine or checking a previously-unknown piece of wreckage that might have bodies in it...! No problem. I certainly think that the more information we can get into the hands of our researchers the better, but it's not like the Cubans have a magic cancer shot.  Genuinely enjoyed this post, thanks. 

Reminds me that I really really need ot visit cuba.  The only thing that makes me wonder about it is the fact that only the US had the embargo.  Every other country in the world dealt with Cuba and their doctors do a ton of international work. so the US can have power over others... thats why we fucked up Cuba when they tried and also fucked up dubai with oil prices just a bit ago, showing them the power the US has over the world Interestingly their submarines are powered by rowers in scuba gear  There is a comment right above yours with a  link to some information on this:

http://reddit.com/r/news/comments/35lr2m/cuba_has_a_lung_cancer_vaccineand_america_wants_it/cr5lqj8
 Another scuba diver in /r/indonesia!

Are you Indonesian?  It depends on who wants to spend the many, many millions of dollars on FDA approval.  Or just fly to Cuba and get it done there. This probably wasn't the reason for our new found friendship/relations for Cuba.

But that being said, if this innovation is legit, we're gonna have politicians wanting to bring Cuba a lot of Freedom soon! This sounds like a great idea!! It really calls for critical thinking and understanding your customer base due to very strict guidelines. Sounds like some exercises a start-up incubator would do! GO FOR IT! I feel like Cuba is finally starting to get out of the Cold War era policies. It's opening up, policies lightened, and the Castro brothers seem far less fanatic in their end years. To be fair, leatherbacks are terrifying in general when you come across them swimming.  I've SCUBA'd with sharks and nothing gives me intense fear like these giants. Is that a Wingull with a scuba mask?! # [Removed from /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35lr0y/cuba_has_a_lung_cancer_vaccineand_america_wants_it/) [Feature Story]

 Just curious, do you remember what Mark Cuban said to you when you were snowing off the animatronics on the cadaver. He said "let's get back to our seats" and then patted you on the back and said something else. It almost sounded like "relax".  Isn't he responsible for the Cuba talks that happened recently? That's pretty damn cool.  scuba is irrelevant when guided by the principles of Juche ideology. Try searching our archives for Cuba. After reading on that, perhaps send questions if you still have them, including "what's wrong with this thing I think about Cuba"&gt; This is a conspiracy to boost cuban cigar sales.  Just kidding.  That said, I'll take them both please. Make it so you have to pay to incubate it like a small fee of 10k or so The same is done in some New England accents. It was said that JFK put an "r" at the ends of Cuba and America because he had to do something with the "r"s he left out of Harvard. Someone posted about an encounter here:
http://www.reddit.com/r/pathofexile/comments/34b5cm/cb_spoiler_gemling_legionnaires/

They look super weird tho. Their scuba suits might hint a connection with the fishing lore... Just sayin' It's irrelevant in my opinion too. I know he's running kinda with the Cuban thing, but this BS "proove your ethnic" thing is dumb and useless.  And...? I don't see how this follows towards the collapse of Cuban socialism. yeah that's what I thought he said. I always liked Mark Cuban. I was happy to see him be supportive "off camera".  We aren't used to having to import athletes from outside of California.  We recently embraced Cubans, so there is hope. &gt;the reasons for normalizing relations may have been calculated and cynical

I see the opposite to be true. Nothing was more calculated and cynical then economically strangling Cuba for 50 years  I can confirm, my MDV-106 survived the few scuba dives it went on. I'd say it led to Cuba becoming very close to the USSR and is a big reason we came so close to a nuclear war in the Cuban missile crisis the year after the bay of pigs. The US sanctions are against certain individuals, not the government/industry as a whole. I am not saying we're not meddling but we don't have a Cuba-like embargo on Venezuela.  De mémoire Cuba a envoyé plus de médecins en Afrique pour aider avec le virus Ebola qu'un grand nombre de pays.

 I will be going to the other lab this week and doing the transformations side by side! Incubating in a rolling drum and DMSO sound like good things to try, thanks :) Hi /r/scuba, I'm starting a blog about my scuba diving and traveling experiences.

This is my first scuba diving blog post, and I wanted to share some of my experiences with scuba gear I bought (regrettably, haha).

Let me know what you guys think! What about Cuba?  What a cute incubator you've become! *touches your belly *

I really don't get why touching someone without asking is okay. you can't legally beat federal taxes.  duel citizenship won't either.  your notion of "international business corporation" has no meaning with regard to your "plan"

but maybe Iran, Cuba, Venezuela, etc would harbor you if you paid enough graft [OOC: I've got my Scuba gear on, there's no turning back now, I've gotta see this](/spoiler)

*Mixxer shook her head and somehow managed to squirm her way out of his grasp though she landed awkwardly* Sorry Chummer, I gotta get ready for work! I say we give them florida. The cubans get south Florida and the nigs get north florida. Completely cut them off and let them run their own society. Make their own laws. Etc. Etc. They would kill themselves off in a matter of years. Cuba Castro GT or Pennzoil Pakistani? Assim de cabeça, a Primavera Software - http://pt.primaverabss.com/pt/ e a Wedo. E ainda tens o pólo de incubação apoiado pela Microsoft Ventures. Awesome.  Some seal questions:  Do seals have friends of their own gender, or no?  Do they scuba?  Are they monogamous or do they engage in polygamy with malleable fish they've never spoken to? Is it rum?  Because Cuba's answer to everything is usually rum.  *Fidel Blastro*

That is pretty damn good. Forget Cuban Breakfast, he's the Dictator of the Plate now. My main hobby is woodworking.  Since I work with computer all day it gives me something more natural and hands on to balance that out.  I also scuba dive, read and play video games. Go scuba diving, there are things down there, some of them are pretty cool too. and Cuban seems pretty butthurt too.  You lucky man. Can't wait for Cubans to be legal so I can try all of these unknown Cubans, not just the cohiba and the monte 2.  Yay! #2 incubating over here too! Cuban or Dominican Montecristo No. 2? Remember! Any Cuban cigar is likely to be a fake. Mexican stogies aren't bad, and there's sure to be plenty of good smokes. Just don't get suckered into buying trash because they told you it's a Cuban. I am not american,  isn't it forbidden for US-Citizens to enter Cuba or something? Looks like a Cuban Anole [My Wife and I in Cuba](http://imgur.com/AHpGlTQ)

We generally go down every year. This was our second time at the same Resort. It kind of feels like our home away from home! Cigar shaped crafts are typically flown by a race of Cubans.  Well yes. There is major growth potential for cuba as the USA sanctions end. 

A ton of money is going to be made.  Given your username, I'd like to hear what would happen in the event of a zombie apocalypse.  What cigars would the zombies smoke?  What's their preferred vitola?  Would Cubans still be illegal?

People are *dying* to know!!! Je suis Cuba Yep. As long as we have Carlisle/Cuban, we will be ok. Incubator Program :)  Unless you are 'murican.

They even think that Cuba is in europe.

But switzerland is like asian. whats moral about a child being reared with sperm donor dad and an incubator for a mum That's evil haha! I want to collect fake Cubans for that exact reason now.  Are glass top cubans becoming the new ronnies?  &gt; All of the "Nordic Model" countries are Capitalist with strong social safety programs.

A social democracy.   State socialism is fucking dead. . . at least for anyone outside of Venezuela  and Cuba. When I had surgery my tongue got jacked up by the incubation hose. It was lacerated and had a huge blister. To treat it they have me honey in a tube that I got multiple times a day for 30 days.... I absolutely love honey and this was heaven to me. Whereas (as I've been lead to understand) "cabrón" is horribly offensive in PR Spanish, but Cubans thow that shit around like mierda.  1. Cuba doesn't accept many immigrants.
2. One would think with all their talk of pulling one's self up by the bootstraps, they would be in favour of attempting to fix the state of society instead of resigning to its problems. So... Despite the trade embargo, despite communism crushing innovation, despite not being 'Murican: Cuba has come up with a vaccine for lung cancer?  Yes. Id much rather listen to a Mexican or Cuban station that Fox "News".  Occasionally late at night before the tower went up (its fairly new) I would hear one of the Cuban numbers stations. Super spooky and awesome at like 3 AM Try soaking rags, sponges, or paper towels in water and placing them inside of the incubator. Well, is this real? I am gonna assume that I've been rejected! Data Incubator you are so sick. Cuban Cigar

Tad Dauntless MK4

Peak Eiger

ANSØ Copper Carabiner v3

Strider SNG Arctic grey

Recycled firefighter Bifold wallet Lots of fake cubans can be found in [glass top boxes](http://i153.photobucket.com/albums/s206/mn654/Daryn2/IMG_0283.jpg), which is a HUGE giveaway that they are fake.  NO QUEREMOS COMUNISTAS EN ESPAÑA...EL QUE NO LE GUSTE, A CUBA O A COREA This is what Cuban was referring to when comparing it to hack-a-center. Just to be clear, the Rockets sent 1 guy to the foul line a record number of times and pulled this foul line crap.  "Mark Cuban, you can have the antidote for free, but I'm gonna need your jet." Ask Cubans how that worked out for them. I take it you're not certified for scuba? Just get one that's already a few months old and is feeding normally. The vast majority of problems will have manifested by then.

Even in normal snakes, congenital defects can happen as a result of problems during egg incubation. Shadow Leggings..

*SCUBA DIVERS FLIPPERS ANYONE?!*  I've assigned each individual track in FL Studio to it's own mixer channel. Here's some screenshots of my setup now but all the audio tracks are going through one mixer in Cubase. I don't know what I'm doing wrong

http://imgur.com/a/0mA2G Peak Eiger, copper, TAD, Strider, and a Cuban. I'd say you're doing damn well. I'm a bit jelly. Ah so the deed might have already been done!!! Isn't the incubation period like 6weeks? I thought it was only contagious when they were blisters.  We 100% didn't open our borders for this. The US would have just copied it if it was at all important. The US hasn't given a shit about Cuban patents/trademarks for 50+ years. Old Cuban! ohh ok thanks for the insight, i have been hearing so much buzz about cuba and lung cancer i tought it was some kind of cure. yeah im cancer free (at least i think so) just wanted to know, since cuba was a enemy(i think) of the united states untill recently, im not even american but was just curious cuba. memories of underdevelopment deserves to be in the collection. Jamaica Cozumel and Cayman Islands. SO MUCH SCUBA AND LADYBOYS  Yeah, you do know how Duolingo works?

http://incubator.duolingo.com/apply

Have at it. scuba gear
 Occam's Razor: If Rosario Dawson is Afro-Cuban, the easiest assumption to make is that Claire Temple is probably also Afro-Cuban. ¡VIVA CUBA! Has the dive capabilities of the MH20 been tested yet? I know its only rated as IPX8 but so is the SRT7 which is often used in scuba diving... I will believe it when I can scuba dive through the kitchen.  Maldives.  Recently got my scuba diving certification an dits one of the best places in the world to go for it! The first Just Cause was pretty cool, you help communist guerrillas topple a fascist regime on an island that is definitely-not-Cuba. I haven't played the later ones but they're probably similar.  They have a few of the shitty 1st gen export model... same as Cuba. Borg incubation chambers is where it's at. the words in an acronym dont define the way its pronounced. If that were the case scuba would be pronounced scub(like scrub)-a Ok so the last step is to route the FL outputs to Cubase's mixer inputs.  So you're gonna have FL 1, FL 2, etc.  coming out of FL,  you need to select them as inputs on the mixer channels in Cubase.  Oh, what's next? You have to be in scuba wear to level up Krillson? Disgusting P2W... The third sex would be the incubator and probably add mitochondrial DNA to the mix since the egg DNA would already have one strand from the initial parents.  I'd like to imagine that they'd just be an incubator for the baby. Both sexes would deposit their dna, the egg and sperm, into the third party and that third gender would then incubate and give birth .  That's good to know.  I have the luxury of working in a lab, so I've been incubating most my liquids at 48C for the better part of a day with occasional shaking and aerating.   I'm sure Cuba going legal doesn't help  Based on the description of these cigars, it seems that Cubans haven't been "the best" or anything in a long time:  
http://www.cigarsinternational.com/cigars/12370/original-cubans/ The only person I ever knew named Anubis was this Cuban on my soccer team that said he had a dream where I died jumping a fence, and my head was then used as the ball.


I'll never forget that. Cuba has been an enemy of the United States since the Spanish-American war.  They were just a thoroughly dominated one before Castro. Was he scuba diving? the u in scuba stands for underwater, as in the U in underwater doesnt share the same sound as the U in scuba I honesty have just never ordered Cubans from a site before only gotten some from the gents at r/cigars or market. So I guess idk? Is Havanas the site that only takes visa? I love the Cuban!  If you know where to look. 

Pretty much what I am saying is I am stoked to get singles of Cubans and have them right next to padrons.  Replace the word "Cuban" with "Black People" and you might catch on.  Maldita sea me la paso en 4chan desde el 2007, ya imagino el sebin y la inteligencia cubana haciendome seguimiento cibernetico para mantener la patria libre de memes capitalistas.... Habanero. With an n. From La Habana,  Cuba.  "These are the Cubans, baby" [Here's](http://www.cubasi.com/sport/item/3767-yuliesky-gourriel-s-fact-irregularities-of-cuba-and-excessive-fine-from-japan) another version from a different site. Agreed. Unfortunately it hasn't shown in the ratings or the wallet. Mark Cuban's prediction may come to light in the next few years if the NFL isn't careful Cuban isn't a race though... I do not see it as a hard situation at all. There is no circumstance in which forcing a girl to risk her life to be an incubator is a morally acceptable decision. It's not just her bodily rights, her very life is at stake. とりあえず、cubase備え付けのgainは負荷が軽くて便利だが、音質がアンプ＋スピーカーで拡大したようになってしまう。ので、音量稼ぎには、Flux SoleraのdeExpander, DeCompを活用する形でナチュラルな音質の確保に成功した。

ただ、録音するときにはプラグインをバイパスしてレイテンシを低く保つので、音量が下がり自分のパートが聞こえずまともに録音できないので、録音時にcubase備え付けのgainで音量を上げて録音をしている。 You might be a lefty if you call any of these countries capitalist: 

DPRK

Venezuela

Cuba

USSR ic. i'd guess 99.9% that it's a no. that show is just entertainment for the masses. i actually very strongly doubt these sharks (maybe with the exception of cuban) even have any money to "invest".  &gt; Luah mati mak, telan mati bapak.

saya kata, belum cuba belum tau &gt;.&lt; The end of last season was a lot worse since it was Harden = Hitler along with a first round exit instead of a second round exit, a heaping scoop of Lin drama, and Morey/Cuban shit talking (which was hilarious, but everybody sided with Cuban obviously). Tropicuba is twice as good as 90 Miles and half the price. Small family run restaurant. Couldn't recommend it more if you want a solid Cuban meal. They also make a great burger. Thanks for the thoughtful, and may I say objective, description of the Hispanic/Cuban phenomenum. I attempt to clarify this duality to my republican friends but something about the complexity of understanding history that completely escapes them. I've got a Hennessy Hyperlite with whoopsie slings (green for head end, black for foot) and a hammock gear 20 incubator.  Why would it not be considered scuba gear? Like someone else has said, it's good for surface swims. If you're doing liveaboard diving, it's likely that a snorkel will come in handy on the surface.  It's going to be such a shame to see Cuba becoming Americanized.  One of my favorite late-night radio activities before I solved (for some value of "solved") my antenna problem and got my General was monitoring Radio Havana Cuba. So biases are only bias if they're against black people and not Cubans?  Illegal cuban "Hobbies with depth." Skydiving's out, but scuba? You bet your Mariana Trench! (That's not innuendo, I'm talking about actually trading marine real estate.) But the official U.S. Military [plan](http://www.cubadebate.cu/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/CONPLAN-8888.pdf) for zombies doesn't mention anything about shoe laces. Cuba is still kicking. And so is china. Russia could be argued as being still kinda communist and socialist if anything.  Just think how happy you'll be when you scuba dive. Aaaaaand now I want cuban food lol. Its amazing how easy my mind turns to spanish food.

Nothing going on tonight. Waiting for BF. Cuddling with my doggies. Talking to this lovely sub &lt;3. Yourself? Black haze aka Cuban black is what you want. It's really hard to find tho.  Cuba punya cuba, tersalah cuba merana. You know those things that you know but don't think about?  Here I am 21 years since birth, and I'm just now finding out that scuba is an acronym.  0.0 Hahahah. They actually put someone on the list for saying bad things about Cuba. The jokes write themselves.  ##THE CUBAN LIGHTS! I skydive, hang glide, scuba dive, surf, ride a chopper, and race spec cars as a hobby. My life insurance rates suck....but I obviously would have no problem finding an opportunity to have an accidental death.  pues yo tengo un bar alquilado a una cubana que trabaja mas que 20 españoles y da trabajo a dos españolas  Presidential candidate asked racist "Cuban Questions" on air by ***Bloomberg*** reporter* &gt; When it sets up just right, it is like letting Godzilla loose on Cuba

    You just painted that picture in my head and it is Glorious lol.  Question: what has Cuba done differently that they now are considered "good" country to the west?  Cuban Cigar

Tad Dauntless MK4

Peak Eiger

ANSØ Copper Carabiner v3

Strider SNG Arctic grey

Recycled firefighter Bifold wallet As Host of the [NASLcast](http://www.facebook.com/naslcast), I would love the help from everyone, if you feel us worthy of your help. We would definitely be doing a show from Cuba, and we would attempt to get as many players as we could on the show. Yeah, I typically like the pieces that are in the exam with the exception of the baroque era stuff. My personal favorite was the Cuban song; very groovy. &gt; When it sets up just right, it is like letting Godzilla loose on Cuba.

Hence the nickname 'Jagzilla'. You do know Cuban still owns this team right? He doesn't like building via the draft. Cuban dog is looking good right about now If fish had thumbs and human intelligence, would they make scuba gear for the air? I said if we sign one more Cuban... they best start selling torta cubana's at the stadium. I DEMAND IT! It was in German. I'm also interested in the "piece of popular Cuban music". But what if we replaced "Cuban" with "African-American"? /s It's a super convenient list of all courses for duo, updates incubator course percentage every day and it links to the courses.  Way better than duo's incubator page. but it's still down atm. Why not? Could be great, like Only Built 4 Cuban Linx 2 or Blackout 2, Wu members are pretty good with sequels Anyone know of a good place to get a pressed Cuban sandwich in LA?  France, Belgium, Austria, Bosnia, Cuba, Denmark, Ecuadaor. Lots of exceptions!! HE HASN'T BEFORE AND HE WON'T NEVER. HE LOVES THE CUBAN GIRLS AND WE LOVE HIM. Jeez, people. It's an opinion piece. Why all the downvotes?

I swear this place is turning more like scubaboard by the day. I'm thinking this would be really interesting given that a lot of the users that browse here now prospects and draft players but I got a bit extra edge knowing a ton about Cuban prospects too. It's a buck a shot in Cuba...In 'Murica it'll be like 20 grand or some shit like that... lol at whoever put up a big wind barrier around it in the cuba street wind tunnel, that'll work out well for us. Yeah incubate raw chicken at 40^o C and it will smell pretty bad.  wait its cuban night? but we're in LA so isn't it mexican night I just know i'd rather live in Cuba than Jamaica, not that it's perfect. just check the HDI Not sure how it works with ducks, but I know that chickens will stop getting up during the last day or so of the incubation period. Maybe the duck will do the same, ensuring that the ducklings imprint correctly? Source credit: Mark Cuban

Don't follow your passion. Follow your work ethic and financial troubles will be seldom.

This advice alone has completely transformed how I approach my career. Chilanga Banda - Cafe Tacuba I like that, instead of guaranteeing the pet once you have the egg, maybe a 1/25 chance for the egg to be hatched inside the incubator. Cuban-American is an ethnicity though I did two discover SCUBA dives before getting certified, one of which on the GBR in a group of four (to one DM).  "60-70" probably includes divers and snorkelers.  Definitely did not touch the reef.   Let's make this Da Ali G show

ON CUBAN NIGHT Scuba Dive the Tokai Maru and SMS Cormoran in Guam, it's the only place in the world where you can touch a wreck from WWI and WWII at the same time. Cuba is still kicking, but if they were doing well, they wouldn't be thawing relations with the US.

Russia is certainly not a communist state and China ceased to be a truly communist nation before the collapse of the Soviet Union. usually yes, the course isn't really finished but if you look in the incubator stage two is "released in beta" and three is "graduated from beta."

Hatching-&gt;beta-&gt;graduated/stable She said she wanted to die because it meant the incubators wouldn't get to Madoka. The incubators were using Homura to get to Madoka. Homura would rather die than that. Learning how to scuba dive is actually on my list, so thank you so much for recommending this! I would love to swim next to a whale someday and see the Great Barrier Reef as well. I'm getting Cuban Fury Haha not really no. Finishing up Grad School atm, but I only have courses twice a week and I've had all my research papers knocked out for the past month. In terms of work, I do a lot of stuff with the local scuba businesses. I think this Pope just facilitated the US and Cuba getting along again, which helps some 11 million Cuban people.  Not to put a damper on your edgy pessimism, though.

 BREAKING: Insiders report that the Los Angeles Dodgers have signed the entire island of Cuba, pending a physical.  This illustrates Mark Cuban's influence in basketball. Scuba Bucket Hat for me and Pelican Fliflop for the wife.  Perfect. They were "white" only in the sense of being played by a Latino (Cuban American), but so were even Scorpion and Sub-Zero supposedly from East Asia (portrayed by a 'Mexican'). all the Cubans belong to us ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ We have been showing our 'determination' since the end of the war of Cuba.  And to think of the series of unfortunate events that could have been prevented if Walter white had access to this Cuban vaccine.  The juice is another poisoned drink with a much longer incubation period, so you can get ready for your next scheme. Sorry, I couldn't jump on the "kill those evil business people for making money" bandwagon. Perhaps Cuba or North Korea would be more palatable to Reddit's economic sensibilities.  There was meaning in the books, she's cuban and worked for World Book encyclopedia's and atlases for 30 years so I figured it was appropriate.  Short ass supervisor - Chaparro

Cuban- Cubano

This other guy is Weedle idk why 

Oh and Pumba  It's insane that you continue to compare the U.S. To Cuba.  http://www.shroomery.org/10858/How-to-do-Coir

Just do the maths to get to your amounts of ingredients ;)

Afaik you place the bin the same place you had your mycelilum for incubation for about 7-10 days and then place it somewhere a little bit colder. Most people in France don't know about US/Cuba recent relaxing. He probably thinks he'll gain some charisma to "oppose" the US. The point is money. French presidents never went to Cuba before despite the lack of embargo. 

They have no balls, and now that Obama talks about dropping the embargo, they all go to Cuba to get contracts.  I should really just do this. I hate writing music on my mac. I prefer pc. I ended up using my friends pc to make the acapella but I had to learn how to use cubase . Wow what a shit program haha  Uruguay, Argentina, and Cuba are the exceptions. I was an 8lb something baby but I was born with pneumonia, so I was in an incubator for a few days next to the tiny little preemies. I must have looked huge. So what about sanctions against other nations? Current sanctions against Iran, those against Iraq in the 90s (which led to the deaths of half a million children) or against Cuba for decades. 
Are those also discriminatory? A big steak, a cuban cigar, a massage, and a blowjob. I'm a simple man I suppose. I thought the only reason why Madoka could make such a big wish was of the karmaic shit tied to her.

Some wishes just cant be granted by the incubators. I am pretty sure the show itself discussed this. Le système de santé cubain est une des grandes réussites de l'île. Il est considéré comme l'un des meilleurs au monde. That is actually an initialism, whereas acronyms are pronounced as words.  Things like SCUBA, SONAR, and NASA would all be acronyms, but I cannot pronounce UNGBBIIVCHIDCTIICBG. We'll never do it, again. (Just don't look in our basement, attic, or that bay over in Cuba.) Why 192? The new Tegra X1 has 256 Cuba Core GPU. That's what I want :D This is a fair point. I think it could be really fucking groovy to live in Cuba, but there's no denying that they have their share of issues as well The cringiest part is how everyone takes for granted that the US the greedier of the two nations. Cuba has free healthcare because the country has crippling taxes and very low pay ceilings and a police state that quashes dissent. Well, then the Americans will go to Cuba for treatment, I'm sure they will appreciate the money they get from American tourists :) Maan, if only the Monster Hunter universe could create scuba tanks so we didn't have to worry about air lol. Screws over a lot of underwater hunts. BC sugar is worthless, they paid all that protection money and didnt put a dime into education or infastructure,,, its there own fault they dont have a pot to piss in. Say what you want to about Cuba, one of thier chief exports is doctors &gt; When it sets up just right, it is like letting Godzilla loose on Cuba.

It will soon start, Americans (U.S.) can freely enter Cuba. It is like Paradise Lost...... &gt; Cuba Core

http://imgur.com/eVC12Bf Scuba equipment for my girlfriend and myself.  After 100 million years we should start seeing lion cubs with scuba gear because all the ones that don't, die. McDonald's are in every country in the world except north Korea and some south American country like Cuba.  Taco bell as far as I know are just in the US maybe Canada? oh...so people in Canada is as oppressed as the que of north korea, Eritrea, Mozambique, China, Vietnam, Cuba......

that is really mature of you .... you can only have one egg at a time. Incubate and breed it, then you can pickup another egg. This is to widen their marketing. More like North Cuba, am I right? Acronyms do not have to sound like the words they are generated from.  Scuba would be pronounced Sc-uh-ba.  Modem, radar, sonar, laser, NASA would all sound differently as well.  The guy who made it says "Jif", so, it is "Jif". There's probably a maximum safe distance from your SCUBA diving buddy that you shouldn't exceed. you need to get that shit to  Erlich Bachman's innovation incubator &gt; Castro's Cuba, where their ~~socialist president~~

Authoritarian dictatorship with a few socialist policies. Look at Norway and Sweden for Democratic Socialism. I appreciate the response but I already know how the logistics of the Kubrow incubation work. I was just asking why on earth a rare drop can't be picked up more than once. yeah people living in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland, Netherlands, Canada, Ireland must be jealous of China, North Korea, Qatar, Iran, Saudi Arabia, Cuba, Vietnam, Syria, Egypt, Congo, Sudan, Russia. Because they assumed Kubrows were so amazingly desireable that we would jump through any number of hoops for them. Carry restrictions. Low drop rates. Incubation times. Maintenance.

It's DE's overall design attitude compressed into a single feature. Country looks like Cuba and North Korea? Was that the most sensationalist thing you could come up with? All 3 don't have stock exchanges. That doesn't make us 'look like' a those countries as much as having oil makes us look like Venezuela. Jesus.  Which occasions? I'm honestly unaware of any other than the 1969 clash and perhaps the cuban missile crisis where i'd remind you that they were the ones who backed down and stopped the madness.  I just got gifted two curry plants, a lemon verbena, cuban oregano, and some other plant that smells like lavender but looks like a tiny fern.... all from a friend who raided a greenhouses compost pile! OP thinks Cuban is a race Along with Packard Place you can check out the incubators at UNCC. Some awesome tech startups there already making great revenues. Ma anche la storia del veleno dello scorpione cubano e della dieta vegana come prevenzione e cura del cancro. Submitted link source: #2a at http://www.reddit.com/r/worldpolitics/comments/35p8d3/cuban_president_raul_castro_paid_a_call_sunday_10/cr6gs61
 Submitted link source: #2b at http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35p8eq/cuban_president_raul_castro_paid_a_call_sunday_10/cr6gr14
 Look online, I pay 12 for the Cuban monte 2s, and that includes shipping.  Dear Cuba, DON'T DO IT. Don't forget that Top Gear can be repeated ad infinitum in every country on Earth, the only countries that haven't bought it are places like Burma, Cuba and France. Fuck off, I'm not an incubator.  60 minutes did a piece about this YEARS ago. But, we weren't speaking to Cuba back then.  &gt; We have just realized that they aren't evil like we though during the Cold War, and rightfully so.

Tell that to the million+ cuban  refugees. They still use it [in cuba](http://www.npr.org/blogs/parallels/2015/01/05/374986028/lacking-internet-cubans-rely-on-the-package-for-entertainment).  Only built for Cuban links  So much scuba bait.  I can almost taste my regulator.  cuba would be paradise if you could grow your own weed and blaze it while of course working for the great cause of spreading full communism "2pac alive and well in Cuba" certainly has a potential to break the entire Internet's triple crown: FB, Twitter, and Reddit. Make it an incubator for business startups.  The church has a lot to answer for I hope one day they do.I'd like to imagine Hitler shaving his mustache and becoming a cabana boy in Cuba.lol Scuba divers avoid them for that reason.  Post this in /r/scuba as well.

Diving is a potentially hazardous activity; why would you want to cheap out on the instruction?  &gt; Is Cuba slowly falling into the clutches of capitalism?

They started falling a long time ago. I don't really have an inventory like on cigargeeks, but I generally favor spicier sticks so I have some of the rarer liga/tat sticks. Also have some more mild dual band Cubans, but I'll get back to you when I return from vacation in a couple of weeks. Brainstorming submission:  You have $250,000 and all trade relations between the US and Cuba have been normalized.  Of course, there is still the political risk associated with investing in Cuba.  What business would you start? Tatuaje Petite Cazadores are as good as they get for such a small cigar.  If I smoke in the morning I light up a Cuban RDM Demi Tasse which goes great with coffee or tea. [Cuba was 5th in 2013](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_World_Baseball_Classic#Final_standings) You'll probably find someone! Or take a trip on your own! Maybe a week long backpacking trip, or learn to scuba dive! i know there was meaning i get that theres a theme. i just don't feel like the cuba book fits I think the Carlos Santana is their biggest seller, but their Cuban sandwich is the best thing on the menu for sure, IMO. I actually found that boot when I was hiking in Cuba!

http://imgur.com/oUKtSVz Wow, a classic 1960s era photo with Fidel Castro and Che Guevara and neither one is the most Cuban looking dude in the shot.  Scuba diving... Hmm. I'm afraid of the sea, giant squid and stuff :( naww thanks man, i appreciate the kind words. My equip is pretty basic, and sadly digital. I use an M-Audio Mobilepre Interface, Sm57 on a Fender Frontman 25R and Addictive Drums all mixed through Cubase 5 with FL Studio for the kit. Get a waterproof lacquer and coat all the game pieces and board.  Now play underwater.

Hard mode: no scuba gear. Face niste investitii acolo in Cuba nu il extradeaza "EVAR" I have a pretty nasty cold and I was hoping that I could take a scuba certification course this weekend. I may just load up on Sudafed and go anyway.  Cuban Lynx SCUBA. It's highly technical, requires a high level of skill and certification, and is dangerous but also romantic. It shows you are precise, knowledgeable, and confident. that is exactly why i'm hesitant about this, i went scuba diving once, 6 years later i'm about to get my instructor license, and every penny i've made scuba diving i've immediately reinvested on diving trips or better gear :p I agree, theres no way this should be considered racist. He didn't bring up any stereotypes or make assumptions, he just asked him what his favorite cuban dish was, and whether he listened to cuban music. The title is kind of misleading. Hello!  Please make your way towards He Bo when you can, and add me as a friend in game (CMDR Rik3r).  Also, please add Scubabear and Time Deviant, as they are in the area and can help with your membership. Hello!  Please make your way towards He Bo when you can, and add me as a friend in game (CMDR Rik3r).  Also, please add Scubabear and Time Deviant, as they are in the area and can help with your membership. Hello!  Please make your way towards He Bo when you can, and add me as a friend in game (CMDR Rik3r).  Also, please add Scubabear and Time Deviant, as they are in the area and can help with your membership. Do you know what Castro did for Cuba, besides what you learned in your high school history book? Add a lime and you got yourself a Cuba Libre! It sounds a little cooler haha I guess I'll take the easy ones. Can I go on vacation to Cuba? Can I buy Cuban cigars?? Thanks for doing this, btw. Since I'm both American and Canadian, prior to this new policy, what would happen if I went to Canada from the U.S and took the flight to Cuba? What would happen if I took a boat to Cuba from the U.S prior to this policy? will Cuba welcome us with open arms ? Cuban Linux Does the US plan to send money to Cuba as part of the deal?  Hello!
What do you think is the most important to make Cuba part of the global world market in the future? Well, Che wasn't Cuban.  He was born in Argentina that might explain it?  I mean, cause no one has ever left their country to fight in another. What has been the effect of easing US/Cuba tensions on the current talks between Iran and the P5+1? Has there been any reaction from Russia in the recent re-establishment of US/Cuba relations? It's my understanding that only Congress can lift the trade embargo on Cuba. Now that diplomatic relations are being normalized, do you believe Congress will act anytime soon on the matter? Do you expect a shift in Cuban military policy as a result of detente?  Will there be a change in visa requirements to enter Cuba?  Has the eggs in the incubator hatched yet?
  Will Cubans attempting to flee the country still be given free residence in the U.S, or will they be deported back to the country? Other countries seem to be reaching out to Cuba for similar opportunities too. Could competing interests in the area arise, and could this dampen US relations with other foreign countries as a result?  Thank you for your question. President Obama's new direction on Cuba recognizes that our past approach of isolation has not led to a democratic and prosperous Cuba. With this new direction, we are replacing isolation with engagement. When do you anticipate U.S. companies being able to conduct business freely in Cuba? Bananas grown in Cuba no doubt.  Is there an anticipated timeframe for allowing Tourist Travel from US to Cuba? Thank you for taking the time to do this. 

In this new direction, will Cuba be working with our government or making demands of their own? If so, what policies do you foresee Cuba insisting to be included?  The USSR, North Korea, Cuba, Maoist China. What do you like to do for fun? Are you scuba certified? Engagement with Cuba is in our interest to improve the lives of the Cuban people. The President has asked Congress to take up the work of lifting the embargo as soon as possible.  Does the general license allowing travel to Cuba for professional meetings cover travel for marketing meetings for a company interested in exploring opportunities that may arise if the embargo is lifted? 
 Are there any plans to ask Cuba to stop its influence and exploitation on countries like Venezuela?? Varies by state. Here i need a permit. In Florida you don't need anything. All the Cubans, I guess Plus, Cuba. I'm a travel-junkie so that would honestly be very tempting for me too. 

Of course, good luck with everything and I'm really sorry you're having to go through all this, I know it's hard :( Thank you for your question. Safe, legal, and orderly migration is still a top priority of the United States. The Cuban Adjustment Act remains in place. What effect does the continued indefinite detention without trial of prisoners in the U.S. prison at Guantanamo have on U.S. efforts to encourage the growth of human rights and democracy in Cuba? If you were JFK how would you have handled the Cuban missile crisis? What is the status of removing Cuba from the State Sponsor of Terror list? I said I normally would want to cheap out but I don't because safety first. Also I have already posted it to /r/scuba. "We R inovatingest! We don't need no basic worker rights!"

Meanwhile, [Red Cuba works to end lung cancer] (http://www.wired.com/2015/05/cimavax-roswell-park-cancer-institute/). The People want luxury cars and vacations to Cuba, should the government send vouchers to those who cannot afford them?
 A Caribbean scuba diving cruise/trip would be the best. LOL.  i feel like we are in the middle of the cuban missile crisis or something.  one false move and i'm blowing that bitch out to sea Thank you for your question. I encourage you to stay in touch with our Office of Public Engagement at http://go.usa.gov/3kQVd, and you can email the office at diplomacymatters@state.gov. It's an exciting time to be studying U.S.-Cuba relations! Price aside, the [Cohiba Behike](http://www.cubacontemporanea.com/sites/default/files/noticia/Cohiba-Behike-52.jpg) boxes are some of the best in my opinion. I almost bought a box just so I could make a clock out of the box! If you polled the public I would guess the majority would say they do not want tax dollars to be spent on luxury cars and vacations to Cuba. But they do say they want tax dollars / policy used on increasing home ownership rates. Asylum mini coronas are the bomb diggity. Excellent little smoke. 

/u/shadowbates' cuban cigar of the month, the H. Upmann Half Corona, was really good too. 

MUWAT baitfish and Papas Fritas too, both by Drew Estate.  The U.S. commitment to universal human rights and democratic reforms in Cuba is unwavering. We will continue to speak out on behalf of universal values we think are important.  Quiz for you guys. Soon the U.S. will lift its embargo against a foreign state. Which one is it? A. Belgium. B. the Vatican. C. the Islamic State. D. Cuba. How hard do you exist or to be for people to travel to Cuba? Implying they loosely fit into one of the twelve reasons for travel.  I literally have my red flag displayed like that, to the right of my bed and next to my window. I also own a Soviet flag and a Cuban flag, although they're not currently displayed: ^  /u/CubanContingency, this guy gets it! You're gonna be so mad when I stunt all over u in my AW scuba crop top. Just fucking wait bruh  I generally go find the reddit thread and post top comments from it, or use that thread to disprove what the post says (did this yesterday with the Cuba lung cancer vaccine posts that are showing up on facebook) If they're the Cuban Petite Coronas I can speak from experience.  The box is ornate and beautiful, but isn't made out of sturdy wood or anything like that.

It was my first box purchase and I'll always love and keep it. Alright! Just moved up to He Bo. Scubabear made contact, but I wasn't able to stay on. Will likely be on tonight around 7:00PM ET I was able to talk to CMDR Jovey Bear and I believe that he can be a Dark Echo member. You may proceed with combat assessment since I was not able to do so since I traded my ASP for a T7. :D

*Scubabear Paw of approval* Also when he was in the incubator? (I think it's called that) the nurse said he had all sorts of infections and sicknesses  Mark Cuban agrees. That was nasty (front row slight right) Lol I've never actually done a search for that apparently the average Cuban male is over 60 years old with deep face wrinkles and always smoking. I'll grant this one based on the internet portrayal that man looks very Cuban. Liga Privada, Tatuaje Monsters, any non-cc Cuban brand, all cohiba, Opus (most AF actually). Do you need a drysuit cert to scuba in the area? I don't do well with cold, but would love to get into scubadiving out there (already certified with multiple dives, but all tropical).   Thailand, Mongolia, Vietnam, India, Switzerland, Cuba, Malaysia, The Democratic Republic of Congo, Uganda. I think they have mentioned that Incubators can't bring back the dead. It's not like Castro had help or anything, http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/feature/wp/2013/04/18/ana-montes-did-much-harm-spying-for-cuba-chances-are-you-havent-heard-of-her/ What is Ted ashamed of being Cuban or something? That connie A was voted the best cigar coming out of Cuba last year...

If you really want to celebrate, that'd be the one I'd go for They used to have that. His name was Mark Cuban. I'd like to here which rare AFs are overrated. Anejos, unnamed reserve, GoF, Casa Cuba, most Opus X, Ashton ESG...all awesome sticks. 

Diamond crown and Julius Cesar...yea, overrated. 

Which ones were you thinking are overrated? Practice and do a minute each on the ballroom dancing and flying. 

Most people have danced and flown in an airplane this you will get more familiarity points with those two. Scuba is very niche.  Coral Reef Scuba on Capital circle does refills for cheap.  scubager123, 32 sunbro w/ mic The Havana Bowl would not happen. Trust me. Those stadiums are so far gone and decrepit, and Cuba wouldn't allow investment to fix them probably. A lot of people have drastically overestimated what the easing of sanctions will do. Thanks. I do too (though it'll be far too late for her) Perhaps a Cuba/USA collaborative research effort will produce results (though it'll cost a lot more than the $1 in Cuba I expect) I have some fresh Jolly Ollie I picked up from the brewery last Friday. I also have some Cubano Espresso if you are interested and of course any of their normal CCB stuff. Send me a PM. "are there, perhaps, some cuban hats or pinatas you enjoy most?"  so there is this bed and breakfast in Havana, Cuba, called Casa David y Lidia, and this is the interior courtyard where breakfast is served, seemed oddly appropriate for this WP: http://i.imgur.com/HB6yUL4.png I'm also advocating for socialism, which has worked in many countries before they reverted to capitalism under a dictator. Cuba is still socialist, and Venezuela is getting there. I love a good Cuban; off hand I can only think of Gateway and Malo as places that have them, and sadly I wouldn't give either a very high recommendation. I thought Dos Rios had a good Cuban. But the bubble might pop by the time I do that! How will I be the next Mark Cuban if I wait out for the Uber-for-X app bubble to burst? /s Honey badger, honey badger in a hang glider, honey badger in scuba gear, honey badger with inflatable armbands and waders. Honey badger wins.  According to [this](http://www.cubancigarwebsite.com/brand.aspx?brand=Bol|ivar), there wasn't been a 25 count SLB of the Petit Coronas since 2003, so looks like it's a Dress Box for you. You've never seen a scuba diver with a snorkel, how much diving do you actually do? I love that they have an Italian guy, Playing a Cuban representing Roundup on Cocaine... in Columbia... Wow the racism is strong with this one Cuban Linx is an absolute must listen for any hip hop fan. Also enter the wu tang if you haven't heard that yet Scuba diving/snorkeling. Was at a wedding last weekend and the groom lost his ring in the ocean less than 24 hours after the ceremony.  hmmmm... cuba maybe? nah cant be im stumped She gave birth to all your kids, spending years as an incubator and bearing nearly unspeakable pain. 

You can get your nuts poked for a minute, and then walk out to put peas on your junk for an afternoon. Not right now, but in a few months I hope to have a full cuban band of 8-12 people, if that could be interesting.
 &gt;So does that mean everyone in Cincinnati should speak German?

If Ohio were 90 miles from Germany then I'd think people up there would be quite accepting of a large population speaking German. Cuba is an hour plane ride away from Florida. Why the fuck was  JAY Z &amp; Beyonce allowed to travel to Cuba  but   I'm not ?    &gt;If Miami was part of Cuba

Wet foot, dry foot. Cuban immigrants have an open door into the USA. I can't really say I'm a fan. Generally when I shop for lower heels (I like my comfort too), I look for a wedge or cuban heel. Something about the thinness of a stiletto heel combines with the shortness of the heel to make them look... dinky. &gt;  I mean yes I dream of riding sea turtles and sharks like a cowboy

I mean, isn't that why we all took the scuba plunge?  But yeah, look, don't touch is the best rule of thumb, no matter what. Now SSI can continue doing good and do something about the [Scuba School of America](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5DygmDEvqg). /r/cubancigars "You don't understand, this nut is a cuban from canada and it's trying to run for president!"

 Miami is not much different than some of the towns and cites near the Mexican border. How would you compare the Cuban acceptance of American culture to that of the Mexicans in Texas? California?  Tampa actually has a much deeper Cuban history than Miami. Yet Tampa, for the most part, lacks the linguistic reluctance of Miami.

 I wonder why that is? Not sure. Is ableton 8 64bit?

You'll need a 64 bit host and slave that comes with 64bit rewire. 

I had to update cubase 6 to latest version to allow 64bit rewire to work with reason 8

Hope that kinda helps There is a Cuban place in Cedar Rapids, but nothing in Des Moines that would remotely merit a recommendation. "Stolen"?  Were the Cubans keeping it secret?  Importation of publications and informational materials were not restricted, and licenses were readily available for academic and research activities, especially medical ones. He's actually making over $10M. Cuban is still paying him  $8M of that due to amnesty. Aren't you bringing up the fact that other cities with a large demo of hispanics still speak primarily English?

Well, Miami just happened to become this cultural incubator keeping the language used in daily speech outside the home.  I guess it would have to be stolen seeing as you can't make legal trade agreements with cubans as US citizen, right?

But I get what you're saying. Europe and Japan have been looking into it for a while now.  JFK: 
"Well... we were having a very nice visit to Cuba... *yada yada yada*... we are never talking to them again." Cubanito12345 have another with me  [Enhanced photo](http://a.abcnews.com/images/GMA/abc_gma_scuba_120214_wg.jpg) 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Tina_Watson &gt;But the USA did the same with Cuba/Iran/

Ah right, our 51st and 52nd states. Cuba is so goddamn awesome. A tiny island nation cut off from U.S. trade still manages to run a more effective healthcare system and have a far healthier population than us.  挙句の果てに、cubaseを強制終了させて吹き飛んだホルン。　右手をベルの中に突っ込んでおかないと駄目だなホルンは。 **Can you recommend us some Cuban SF/Fantasy books? What types of difficulties do you find in divulging this genres within Cuba different from any other genre?** Who cares about the test.  A lot of diseases have an incubation period of months.  Just use a condom and be safe.  Anyone with multiple sex partners should use condoms.  As soon as I read the part about not using a condom, I knew this would end badly.  either dont release it or name it something else.  at best it'll be cuban linx 2 all over again. A couple of questions for ya- does anyone sell live resin, clear, terpy slurpy, etc? 

Have you ever heard of or seen black haze aka Cuban black?   &gt;Mark Cuban's success 

Yeah, I'm pretty confident that most people would be jealous of lottery winners. My friend has been trying to get Cubase. Thoughts? 魔改造DACだけ飛び抜けている。音の立体感もすごく、角のない真空管アンプのような音がする。どんなミックス・マスタリングの音源を聞いても良い音に聞こえる。高音が刺さらない。とにかく力強く、津波のようなドライブ感がある。

cubaseで編集時はUR824が使われている。これの音、フラットというより２ｃｍくらいの厚みに高音鋭く中低音のぼわつきがない。これで調整してミックスダウンでレンダリングしてMG12XUで試聴すると、まじで？という結果で修正修正の流れ。 I've used cubase 5 (on windows) and I hate it honestly - horrible UI/UX.  More recently I've been testing out logic (on osx) and I like it 100x better.  I hear good things about ableton live and fl studio though too Totally bro. Let's head down to the incubator and have a hackathon to make the world a better place. I'll bring the soylent and coconut water. Oh god yes - could you link me to similar stuff? Is it like 'Afro-Cuban' ? I've heard some of Dizzy's ventures into that sound and an Afro-Cuban band in Croatia weirdly enough, and I flippin' loved it.  Try Cubase. I'm an Ableton guy. It just comes with so many synths, and once you get used to the layout it's really easy to use. Though if Cubase is better for orchestral sounds, maybe I'll try that out. Cause I like to scuba, on the island Aruba

I'ma eat a bowl of beans and I'ma play the tuba

South Park Mexican I've never been there myself, but a friend of mine once did scuba diving and said it was amazing. So if scuba diving interests you, go ask around. The red sea has one of the richest coral reefs. No lie. I'd give him 100 seconds in the Cuban sun. And it all that time, you've never seen a scuba diver with a snorkel? Sounds like your observation skills are really bad, or you have some agenda/superiority complex about snorkels? no kidding. i shit my pants eeryone can hit a hr on this team goddam. and were still waiting for the other cuban godam  &gt; I TAKE OFFENSE TO THIS!

I'm actually Cuban, Nick is too. Hello! Please make your way towards He Bo when you can, and add me as a friend in game (CMDR Rik3r). Also, please add Scubabear and Time Deviant, as they are in the area and can help with your membership.
Edit: love the handle you use lol

 Hello! Please make your way towards He Bo when you can, and add me as a friend in game (CMDR Rik3r). Also, please add Scubabear and Time Deviant, as they are in the area and can help with your membership. Hello! Please make your way towards He Bo when you can, and add me as a friend in game (CMDR Rik3r). Also, please add Scubabear and Time Deviant, as they are in the area and can help with your membership.  Look forward to flying with you! Madvillainy is kinda cheating so I'd have to go with 36 Chambers. As a group I don't think they've made a comparable album, even though Wu-Tang Forever is dope in its own right. But I'd put Cuban Linx on the same level and prolly Liquid Swords too. &gt; But I'd put Cuban Linx on the same level and prolly Liquid Swords too

How about Supreme Clientele?  is it still topical to quote Cuba Gooding Jr. saying 'SHOW ME THE MONEY!'

??? A police state? Hardly. Show me some credible sources that say it was a police state. And again, for like the 5th time, the economy of Cuba was shitty because of the embargo.  off to his personal island in cuba he goes *South of Tampa.

For real though the state has changed a whole lot just in my dad's lifetime. The Keys were always the Keys but South Florida is more Cuba North and every city is becoming very paved over. If skydiving isn't your thing, you might want to try SCUBA. I can knock that one off my list. A photo safari might be fun.  I've never really even been to the ocean. :/

It's a shame. That's something I've wanted to do. Where did you go to scuba dive? Even if all you say is true, I believe the benefits outweigh those downsides. We are reopening trade with Cuba, Obamacare is actually helping and he's getting rid of debt.  I have an idea in incubation for centaurs in my world, might go with it - might not.

They will not exist as actual creatures, but as racial derogatory illustrations of horseback nomads living north of my mediterranean inspired civ.
 north cuba Well, then you don't understand the situation after all this time. Would the U.S. allow Russian missiles in Cuba? Wait, maybe we can use this for good…

If the US congress doesn’t eliminate the Cuban embargo they are literally racist against Latinos!! Professional scuba diving pants? Plain and simple I work at a Scuba and Archery shop. Oh, almost 25 years old. (Edit) and the most tragic of them all...  
Cuba Gooding Jr. in Radio Ok, mind you this is Iowa.  The only thing authentic you are going to get here is an Iowa Pork Chop.  I would say George's Special at South Union is going to be the best cuban inspired sandwich in Des Moines although probably not authentic. If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? Take them to a local farm and give them to a farmer...probably have chicken incubation and wouldnt mind having ducks for the pond...or for dinner.  Have some kind of incubator. Something like The Apache Software Foundation except less shitty projects and have [Redis](http://redis.io/) one of the projects Mark Cuban also bought the team that year, though - was a big change.  You don't even need to live near an ocean. There are a lot of freshwater places to scuba dive. There are natural springs, lakes, decommissioned missile silos, mines, and more! OOOH! I've actually been down inside it SCUBA diving. The deepest you're allowed to go by most dive masters is about 120' (right about where it opens up into the central piece in the last image). It's also incredibly scary. price for price wise, the PL Montecarlo is less than the Gurkha. 

If you take into account the risk of cubans, etc... it probably isn't.



^(typing that first sentence made me cry inside) [cuba!](http://i.imgur.com/ABuDEbE.jpg) second time visiting cuba, i love it. Veradero - CUBA Right now? If Cuba offered Russia a naval base? 

The USA wouldn't give a shit.  I doubt that. Anyway it's going to be difficult to convince Russia that having Ukraine join NATO isn't a threat by killing Russians.

It would be like Russia arming Cuba to invade Guantanamo Bay. Christ. My dads alive and I stole his old trench coat that he got from his dad back in Cuba......its old AF and from the 80's but god damn is it comfy. (but impractical....Cause...Florida)_ Those are really nice reels for communists.  Ordinary Cuban's have to catch fish by hand, like Gollum.   I find your lack of context disturbing
*scuba sounds* I remember my SCUBA certification being really easy. Also one more thing... how does this effect Cuba? Plus, this is something you want to do *right*. Be safe about SCUBA and you'll have much more fun and live to tell about it! Anderson Varejao looks like an 80's cuban drug lord NOW SERVING:

##CUBAN BREAKFAST ##CUBAN BRUNCH.  MIMOSAS FOR EVERYONE!!## ##CUBANDOUBLE!! CUBAN FUCKIN BREAKFAST!!!!!! Scuba divers? Cool! That'll go great with the Cuban cigars.  I'll give you a Cuban sub for the blanket.  Cubabs. Is endless creep really better than rapid incubation for Zagara? (lvl 7 talents) What about Cuba? Poor as hell, but free healthcare with no bullshit, no tuition, and the rent is negligible. Project AWARE Foundation is a growing movement of scuba divers protecting the ocean planet – one dive at a time. Kind of like soccer - it's been mostly popular among women up until recent years. That's only in America though; in Europe and Cuba, men's volleyball is almost as widespread as soccer.  Go back to Cuba and get back in the kitchen, woman This absolutely misleading "Cuba cancer cure" propaganda again? How hard is the media going to shill for Barry? Cuban light show time.  I need a big Cuban dong here What is the excuse for the misery that was the Bolshevik Revolution? Cuba? China? Vietnam? The entire history of the USSR and the eastern bloc? You don't actually need a diving license to scuba dive. Some dive clubs will let you rent gear and swim with them after a 30 minute safety course. Scuba Diving License. It's all those big black Cuban cigars she smokes on the sidelines. Some of the best scuba diving I've ever done was out of Townsville.   What're y'all thinking of doing next? I know you just did tortas, but sandwiches have always been one of my favorite drunk foods. Maybe a cuban, italian beef, or philly? Anyways, keep it up. Always good for a laugh. Scuba diving. Can do it in a weekend So our government has been so committed to an embargo against Cuba that they were willing to do without an effective cancer treatment just to spite Castro? Really?  Well it isn't a cure. 

Its more of: "our government has been denying Cubans access to essential medical supplies, so the've had to depend on other countries and on domestic production". Glad he wasn't holding his breath. #1 rule of scuba is never hold your breath. Walking to get to Cuban Breakfast? Good luck.  Now if Cuban Breakfast can get a hit, we'll be set.  Notary Public, Ordained Minister and Scuba Certified. 


You figure out the opportunities.  would be nice to get a double from cuban breakfast here. Cuban Sandwich dong. C'mon. Actually west coast FL hockey. We're the southerners. And by that I mean Cuba. Here in Utah we have a giant fucking hole in the ground that's filled with salt water, tropical fish, and sharks. You can do some pretty advanced scuba training in a place hundreds of miles from the nearest ocean. Nice try, American scuba instructor  Rule number one for scuba divers: never hold your breath underwater. Anything regarding Cuba I put into a Tropico context... What's wrong with me? I wish I could move to Cuba.  Health care coverage, beautiful weather, great education, longer life expectancy, speaks a language I know, great food. Try comings to Cuba. If calor and humidity don't kill you, Castro will. It has a lot more to do with politics than setting up a strategy to evangelize to the Cuban people and establish a stronger church presence. 

 Cuban missile!!!!!! Cuban clutch No??? Fuck that Cuban hit squad, all they do is drink Mojitos and waste my money!!!  What if I have problems equalizing the pressure in my ears on planes. Can I still do SCUBA? Scuba diving I didn't have that post surgery "high" but I was in a lot of pain because I had to be incubated so I begged the nurse for more drugs. She probably that I was insane but she gave it anyway and a Popsicle  Cubans? Are you a fellow Canuck? I've got access to fresh jai alai and cubano espresso and grapefruit sculpin (not in your list but worth mentioning), if this is still open lmk if you're interested in a trade  My class wasn't a "certification" it was just to get people exposed to scuba, even if it was a dangerous one in my case. Everything turned out OK for me, luckily, and I did get PADI certified before I went back. I took a scuba certification class in Fiji out Tahiti. About two hours above land with a guy that only spoke French and then we read a pamphlet.  Got my certs for motorcycle, scuba, and firearms. Ready for adventure! Hack a down vote....I don't know if I like this strategy. Marc Cuban what do you think? can confirm i just got certified and found out the only times you get to experience weightlessness is either by being an astronaut or scuba diver Or as reported on Fox News,

Cuba to share lung cancer... with the United States. Probably scuba diving Tons of Bull shit, am Cuban. Many family stuck on island, had a bunch of family executed for not being Commie  What?  I see some Dominicans and Nicaraguans, but no Cubans... An American driving license.

Also ham radio license. Requires some study but not really hard.

CPR/first aider

Scuba certification (takes a little time) Open water Scuba certification. Like two weekends and you have to be braindead to fail Consider it done.   

As for my match last round, I loved the "Cuban Jazz" Songza playlist. It is very mellow, warm, and upbeat. I could definitely imagine listening to it while relaxing or unwinding after a long day. It was a lot of fun to listen to.  That place is gonna be awesome to SCUBA one day. I'm certified and I've been on 8 dives since in michigan, florida, and the BVI's. Had a blast every time I dove! I would definitely recommend scuba to everyone.  I enjoy Rigondeaux and Lara. Speed, elusiveness and skill without 'stalling.' 
Cuban boxers are ridiculously skilled, but I think I prefer the stereotypical Mexican style of sitting in the pocket, pressuring and exchanging ridiculously complex combos. SCUBA When I was in the Phillipines (Boracay) the snorkeling guy we had told us we could all go scuba diving that day if we wanted to. He said "If you can swim, you can scuba." Needless to say we did not take him up on it. I was unaware RyJ did non-Cubans as well. It was my impression that all RyJs were Cuban. SCUBA definitely isn't for everyone, but it is a blast if you really get into it. Im a Divemaster and I have never had a dull moment while diving. &gt; the most in-depth investigations conducted so far lead to clues that Lee Harvey Oswald was involved with the Cuban embassy in Mexico City

That one. That is why you never stand scuba tanks upright while you are on a boat.  It is a great way to knock a hole in the side of the boat though. No, I'm sorry, but there is no comparison between Cuba and NK.  North Korea is not some "boogeyman" they are actually insane as fuck. Well for Cubans it is free. You can get a [scuba diving license](http://www.purescuba.com.au/index.cfm/learn-to-dive/) relatively easily, although it costs a few hundred dollars. It's sad that American businesses are so willing to help the Cuban dictatorship strengthen their hold on enslaving the Cuban people. Is this gonna make Cuba money in any way? If it's a cool scuba destination then there are probably dive masters in the area that can take you and a group on a dive. No certification needed. Tenho um tio meu que foi visitar Cuba ano passado. Ele disse que aquilo parece o Afeganistão. E deve parecer mesmo. I have a scuba dress from Forever 21 -- floral with a dark blue background, high neck, A-line. It works for bright colors and dark prints, I think. Overall, I think it's one of the more interesting items I own, in my otherwise conservatively dull closet. Clearly Obama's just trying to lull the Cubans into a false sense of security! You may want to check r/Miami ... It might be a long shot but people in Miami may have a better sense of reaching Cuba  This exactly. There are far too many ways to hurt or kill yourself SCUBA diving to not learn everything first. I like how he uses Cuba as an example that socialism doesn't work, while conveniently ignoring that the United States government has gone out of its way to kneecap the country's economy. I loved the Cuban piece sssooo much! Also a good argument against learning it there. Scuba is not an activity that lends itself to learning by doing... BREAKING: Cuba has the Fountain of Youth; All Cubans Immortal.  You can't go to Cuba until the bill clears in congress.  i figured that. but i tried running the pre-existing ASIO driver in cubase and ASIO4all in maschine, and they still won't work at the same time. shouldn't i be able to run one on each or am i misunderstanding how this all works? Thank you for booking a one way ticket to Cuba. A representative will arrive at your house shortly to pick you up. Don't worry about packing, everything is provided. So far just Antarian and Polarian. i have a couple of gems trading spots too. Gamecenter ID is PinkDar.  Ok, now I have Arcturian active and Sorarian in the incubator.  One gem slot open. It would include Mexicans, but also anybody of a Latin bent. So basically anybody south of the US border. It would also include Cubans or Dominicans or any of the Spanish-influenced Caribbean countries.  Yeah, Cuba of all countries came up with a cure for cancer.  Cuban here, you are wrong Did they change Anthony Mackie with Cuba Gooding Jr? There is nothing similar between Cuba and NK.  Cuba is actually doing good, surprisingly good after being blockaded by the world superpower, and has a very high HDI.  I know in sound like a broken record on here sometimes, but star bar has a great Cuban. It's been my new thing there for the past couple of months. CABCO has pretty decent one as well.  Never done scuba. Why not? E você, já foi para Cuba? Pare de defender o comunista! Learn to scuba dive. It takes about three days. Certification lasts a life time.  PLEASE DO NOT GET CHEAP/JANKY SCUBA CERTS.  Pay the extra bucks, spend more time, more classes and DO IT RIGHT!!!

Your life literally depends on it.

If you don't want to even bother, just do "Resort dives", no qualification required. Hey /u/cubanpete26 I saved you in pokemon Rumble.  Loved the recent one where he went to cuba. Squirtles are Scuba Troopas They have had very well trained doctors for decades now.  Hell even with high quality tobacco and booze doctors are Cuba's best export. Cuba's actually done pretty damn well considering all its circumstances.   benefactor cubancigar Try not to be molested... *Yanbu stereotype
loool

JK but anything to do with the sea
Scuba diving and fishing (try to go to umluj)

http://rilekwancorner.blogspot.com/2009/03/rihlah-yanbu-wa-umluj.html well at least cuba has a vaccine for lung cancer in case that 33% proves true Probably because the people who generally leave anti pph graffiti tend to think that a women has no right to decide what happens to her body during pregnancy; they seem to think that when you're pregnant you are no longer a women but an incubator.   No way. Scuba certifications are expensive and require travel if you dont leave near diving spot.
The padi open water diver has a final dive on the sea. I need to go to croatia from austria if I want to take it. Still never got my code.  Boo on you Maxsoft  &gt;.&lt;

What about you /u/cubanpete26?  Still stuck in the same boat?  lol Cuba was not some boogey man either, they executed thousands of their citizens. Agh! I *knew* the 'sleeps under the blanket' and 'just said thank you' looked familiar!!!

I always found it somewhat strange that he was so strong on this 'fight' in...Cuba?! Communism had ZERO chance of encroaching in the US. Então logo logo EUA vai levar um pouco de liberdade até Cuba. To be fair Cuba has also undergone some market reforms. I would've used North Korea, thats probably the last unadulterated planned economy. https://soundcloud.com/ephixa/scubashark-wip

Pretty great song, but the relevant part comes at about the 1:30 mark. ProTools.  Industry standard audio software that is inferior to almost every other platform (Logic, Ableton, Cubase, Nuendo), but just like other things on this thread, people don't wanna change Orange (depending on your sectarian preferences of course) jumpsuit and a long term stay in a remote Cuban island for you then. Well, you could be the moron who turned around, the wannabee crocodile hunter with the snake around his neck or scuba Steve over there  Go Cuban on them. Picadillo and white rice. Super easy to make, and tastes amazing... If you want the recipe, lmk.  TIL that women's bodies are merely incubators, and bodily rights don't exist.


&gt;As for rape victims, I'm sorry, but it happened.


You're an asshole. Seriously, go to Cuba! You can drink shitloads of rum, not have to worry about healthcare, housing or food, and you'll be a great PR tool to a government that really needs it. DO IT!!! Don't know if you've already seen this, but at least Mark Cuban [gave it the old college try](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEneggSHic4) Thanks Cuba! :D Here's all you need to know about the HR :) now you'll have the backstory on it for when someone else needs schooling :)

http://www.cigaraficionado.com/webfeatures/show/id/HR-from-Cubanacan-Robaina-in-Stores-Now-17908 Cuba better get some money out of it before handing it off to the pharmaceutical companies that will charge an arm and a leg gor it. Also am Cuban, the only family I had that was persecuted (not executed, arrested) were ones that were in the military supporting Batista's regime.

Why don't you go to Colombia or Honduras and say that Cuba's not a relative success. That's awesome, and yet I would likely shit my pants if I happened upon that while scuba diving. After having to switch from afternoons to days, back at work with my SKX007-bezel [Scuba Dude Amphibia](http://imgur.com/goUdi0Y).  This Cuban man will help them!  If I go to Cuba, where ever i stay can I claim that place as my own?  The Cuban pop piece was out of this world. And I loved the classical operetta. I actually had my scuba gloves on, it 'hit' my glove. I got rid of the other rolls in my briefs pretty quickly! Fuck watch out guys. Cuban missile crisis 2.0! Or Turkey flotilla 2.0 minus the Israeli commandos and their rapelling skills. Nitrogen Narcosis is the effect Scuba divers experience. Doesn't even need to be deep to experience it, can be around the 70 foot mark. *-is jealous-*

I'm not allowed to scuba dive, not even in a swimming pool. I have epilepsy, so it would be a dumb thing for me to do...but it doesn't stop me being jealous. Dunno why but I laughed real hard at this!

Sadly the incubation time is a bit too long   :( Cuba has had it for years, the U.K has been running successful trials for quite some time as well.  I like flamenco and cuban music,etc. Pandora plays my commercials in Spanish as well. I dated a cuban american gal in college and she said her mom used to say something in spanish to her that roughly translated to:

&gt;i shit on the mother that birthed you Still waiting on that call from my man Mark Cuban! Maybe china can rent some space in cuba too Nope, the pressure would fuck your ears up so hard as well as your lungs. There is a reason scuba divers always ascend and descend  slowly as they have to adjust for pressure changes to avoid harm to their body.  It's a nice program for recording bands, but that's about it. I even prefer Cubase for recording most of the time.  No doubt.  Developed in Cuba, free to Cubans, but it will cost thousands in the U.S. because drug companies have to cover the big R&amp;D bill.....

Or something like that.   No, but you used to be able to get an awesome Cuban sandwich at Kool Korners until they closed up shop. :( Oh there you go then! My husband is half Mexican, half Cuban, and I'm half Polish and half a mix of every other European country.  Serious question, if I can't swim all that great can I still get a scuba certification?  I'm trilingual. My degree's also in German.

But I don't live in a border state, unless you consider Georgia being on the border of Florida (where there's a ton of Cuban immigrants) a border state. &gt; Cuba has had a greater GDP 

Cuba has a dictator?  

Free Ukraine - Not sure but all the news I keep hearing about Ukraine is that its in a political turmoil even before Russia's aggression.  Scuba diving. Or creating a sentient computer. I can't decide. Have you tried The Cuban or Cucharamama? Both are excellent  Sorry losers. At least you nerds can tune in tomorrow and see what a game six looks like. Can't wait to see how Parsons spends all of Cuban's money this off season. I'd go scuba diving a lot.  Got certified 13 years ago, haven't been in 10 years.   Yeah it takes about 7 to 9 days to learn to scuba.  I did it over spring break when I was a kid.  15 years ago.   I just recently discovered that certifications never expire and I'm getting Mr new membership card mailed to me now.  Destroy their domestic sugar production to the point that Cuba is now a domestic importer of it?  In fact I think the only thing they are a net exporter of now is cigars and possibly some rum.  Way to go hoss. Damn you scuba steeeeeeve ITT 

Batista=good 

Che and Fidel= Genocidal maniacs

Not saying the regime in Cuba is saintly, but man there is a lot of distortion in here, and nothing in history happens in a vacuum.  I completely agree! I have a friend who's idea of travelling is to go on all inclusive resorts in Jamaica and Cuba. He just isn't into anything else. People are different .. deal with it. There's a guy wearing scuba gear, a guy with a snake, and a guy with his back to the camera. This is tough. It's double-funny considering that by literally any quality of life metric Cuba is way ahead of similarly developed and wealthy nations.  I tried to get SCUBA Open Diver certification but then had to back out because I developed ulcer in two places at once. :/ My friend took over and loved it though. I wish I was able to do it but I'm looking forward to trying again in the future!  Scuba-dooby doo. Being someone who just recently got her scuba diving license, I really wanna go diving in there... In Cubase, go to devices-&gt;device setup-&gt;VST Audio System and make sure "release ASIO drivers in background" is checked. That should let you run both programs fine. 

The maschine problem sounds like something you should contact NI about.  That's pretty shady.  I can't say I'd ever purchase a Cuban from a B&amp;M unless I was extremely tight with the owner.  Plus, like you said, that's way overpriced (more than double).  And was most likely fake. Do the US/Cuban/Puerto Rican teams ever play the Japanese teams? I'm with you on this one. Two time MVP as a point guard, which is rare in the NBA. Cuban shafted him. I was invited to a Cuban wedding where most men will be wearing a guayabera. But I know that many Latin countries use them for their special events or just everyday where as they are very light and cool in warmer weather.  Nitrogen narcosis - Rapture of the Deep. Not the worst way to go. I've heard of scuba divers tearing off their respirators and swimming off without them to their death. Keep your dives times and surface intervals correctly folks. Cuban did not shaft him. Their best chance came during the whole refs fixing games year. They should have beaten the Spurs and Amare should have never gotten suspended.  If you have another broody hen, put them under her. If not, you would have to incubate them yourself

Sorry about your loss :( Dandole culito a los oligarcas Chinos, Iranies, o Cubanos que estan ocupando nuestro pais puedes reunir suficiente. I believe those bands are meant to imitate old style Cuban bands.  PSA: Don't hold your breath while SCUBA diving. It can lead to serious injury.  Easy thing to say at the end of your 2 term presidency.  Glad to here it regardless, along with thawing of relations with Cuba &amp; Iran. 
 I'm interested! I live in charleston, have my own guns and spare guns, and a 21 ft scout. Are you free diving or going scuba? What reefs are you going for? I've speared the jetties a good bit. Pm me and we can coordinate  Yeah, you hear that Canada, Mexico, Guatemala, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Argentina, Chile, Panama, Ecuador, Beliz, Nicaragua, Honduras, Cuba, Costa Rica, El Savador, and all the others? GET OUT! The only use I know of for aerosol cheese is feeding fish while scuba diving. Keep in mind that fish also love to eat vomit. Assuming Cuban doesn't just make stupid offers to every RFA we have out of bitterness Are you from Bangkok? Any Thai brands you'd recommend? I might be going there in a few months to scuba dive. I might as well shop for Thai stuff. Ehhh, I still think Cuban undervalued him and should have offered a stronger contract to keep him onboard. Calm down, he's probably Cuban. 
One of the few [exceptions](http://ww4.hdnux.com/photos/12/16/67/2682355/6/628x471.jpg) to the "Fedoras are for neckbeards" rule. Cubase 4 Lyfe.  Or should I say Cubase 5.  I haven't updated in a while. Loooooooooool. This dude is 100% not Cuban. I would think the "soon" will be relative.  I believe I read somewhere else that the only studies on this have been done in Cuba, so before any Americans get it, the highest bidder will have to start clinical trials, making use ofnit years down the road. Every couple of days, a chicken expels tissue that would have incubated a foetus, but for whatever reason does not contain one. The closest human equivalent is a period.  I'm really hoping dude smoking in the background is wearing an actual Cuban Navy uniform. Company Segundo from Havana.  Don't disrespect the Cubanos. 

Did you not see Buena Vista Social Club? Malo has a pretty good Cuban. Also, I think with a Scuba Cert, you can become an HBO technician at a hospital or at an outpatient HBO center. 

Hyperbaric Oxygenation therapy for the uninitiated.  http://triphackr.com/how-to-travel-to-cuba-illegally/ En Cuba el café es de puchero... Y siempre está calentito, no sé cómo se las arreglan. Louie's Wine Dive on 42nd/41st and University has a decent Cuban. You're Cuba, at most you can purchase frigates Cubans wear panama hats though, not fedoras.

*gently strokes neckbeard* Probably some sort of scuba diving team or something. His shorts look like they're the [international scuba symbol](http://www.bio.utexas.edu/faculty/bryant/_images/scuba/dive_flag.jpg) National Museum + Manila Ocean Park

Mind Museum

Art in Island in Cubao

Go-Karting in City Kart Makati (mabilis lang to, combohan mo na ng Mystery Manila)

Indoor shooting range sa Makati (Makati Cinema Square basement) or Pasay This is a joke comment. I came here to learn something about our TV hosts, not see you parade your own wittiness. Please edit your comment to something a bit more meaningful.  :)


-cuban  It was backed up and you've been backed into a corner.  Now would be a good time to admit that you're wrong.

Examples, in case you're too lazy to click:

Vietnam, Malaysia, Tibet, Cuba, Laos, Algeria, Eritrea, Goa, Angola, and I'm barely into the 1960s. Economic freedom helps lead to personal freedom. Give it 10 years, this is going to be good for Cuba Scuba Open Water Certification. Si quieres tomar ron...pero sin coca-cola...a Cuba a Cuba a Cuba ireeee.... Comunismo!!!!PT!!!!Lula!!!! Só querem destruir o brasil entregar tubaroues comunistas pra comer os restos das carcaças do povo brasileiro cheio de cancer por causa dos charutos e cigaros importados de cuba, venezuela argentina (bolivarianos!!!!!) They knew that the other scuba divers never made it back, so they sent in a team to retrieve their bodies! So at least they knew what they were getting into! Why does the WHO have infrared temp. check stations around the world when the incubation period for almost any disease makes this a waste of resources? No why. They play that song at work and I feel "cubans or panzers" works equally well. I recognize you dude!!! the first time someone recognized me on this sub I felt truly alive

I really like to cook and go for hikes. also really want to learn how to scuba dive or something Bay of Lungs
Bay of Cancer
The Cuban Cancer Crisis

C'mon there has got to be a good comment along the lines of this. I use Cubase as my primary DAW because it does very well with MIDI and I augment the factory sounds/samplers with Reason. How does tiny ass poor cuba have what we don't.  I've had similar experiences. I'm Cuban but I signify white so I've had it easier than darker skinned Cubans. 

Btw you stole our flag!!! *grabs pitchfork* Considering that France's unemployment rate is twice that of the United State's, I'm not sure you want to use France as an example of socialism that works. Cuba has great healthcare too. Doesn't mean you'd want to live there. cubase is highly recommended for film score, i think it should do great for edm I use Ableton and Cubase. Ableton is gold for being able to put together the simplest or most complex beats! As well as adding keys and other instrumentation. It's easy to compose, rearrange, and remix. Time changes in Ableton are fucking cake! Yep they aren't Cubans - I wish they were though haha.  Getting SCUBA certified is not that expensive. The only gear you need to buy upfront is a mask, snorkel and fins. Whilst Cuba is not former United Statesian Nation, we do hope for continuing good relations with China through trade and treaties. the russians and the cubans did the same when they encountered our old military during the border war against the communists  I don't see why the USA should be held to a higher standard than Mexico or Cuba etc. In Jaws when Hooper is scuba diving near Ben Gardners boat and the head roles out. Makes me jump every fucking time.  [Vejam](http://i.imgur.com/NdN3Da6.png) o que acontece quando se fala mal de Cuba no /r/bostil. Os caras mal conseguem esconder a raiva, reparem nos downvotes, eles usam a desculpa de que não é relevante. Use Melagenina Plus (from cuba). It got rid of my vitiligo spots on my eyelids. It burns a bit because it is 60% alcohol.

It didnt reduce it on the rest of my body though. It just stops it from spreading. the list has a bunch of ex-mavs players. not all that surprising if you think about all of the crazy trades they've done in the Cuban era &gt; the cubans did the same when they encountered our old military 

No, the Cubans [did not](http://monthlyreview.org/2013/04/01/the-military-defeat-of-the-south-africans-in-angola/)  fold.
 The simplest explanation for me is that most people associate socialism with communism (to the point they think it's the same thing). And communism = Russia, China, Cuba which is not something anybody wants. This isn't THAT easy, but scuba diving certification. It only took two weekends and a few hundred dollars. I haven't been scuba diving since, but at least I COULD go if I wanted to Damn! Just saw you guys are out of stock on the site. What do you think are the chances of finding a bottle locally in Miami? Hadn't heard about Cuban Sriracha till right now. I'm Cuban and love Sriracha, so this just makes sense to me.

Voted btw! I remember saying "the exotic rocket looks cool, but who would get a exotic heavy. Seems like a waste. *buys scuba helm instead*    &gt; There is nothing similar between Cuba and NK

Well that's just a downright ignorant thing to say Why didn't he just spawn a SCUBA suit? Okay Mark Cuban. And the British, and the Russians, and the Cambodians, and the Cubans, and the Czech, and the Icelandics, and the Lao, and the Nepalese, and the Norwegians, and the Dutch... I've lived in Florida for 30+ years (Ft Lauderdale and Orlando) and haven't met many Mexicans. A lot of Cubans and Puerto Ricans, but very few Mexicans.  Oh lord I loved that thanks for sharing. Brilliant how Cuban asks him about very simple basketball strategy and he fumbles. Cuban black tie attire dictates a guayabera with a black bow tie. It looks extra gangster too.

Get a Ramon Puig. It's worth it unless you know a good Cuban tailor... then get him to make you one. I find FL to be much better for beatmaking, I think I will still do some stuff in FL, but arragment, mixing and mastering looks better iin Cubase. Yay Cuban relations! I was told that there wasn't really much you could do.  I don't know how to scuba dive &gt; Cuito Cuanavale

Casualties

Cubans\FAPLA : 4785
SADF : 31 Cubase 8 Your post is already in Spanish XD. I go very slow, here in Cuba ... the internet is bad, not to use another word worse. The Tropic of Cancer runs right through Havana , Cuba.


 Really? Because he bagged Osama, got us out of two wars, avoided getting us into any additional wars while providing useful military aid, and is ending nonsensical hostilities with Cuba. Sounds like a pretty solid foreign policy. Cuba does sound pretty nice.  my last unit we had a German(married/divorced from an american chick) a Cuban (got naturalized while serving) in my squad. 

US Army has Koreans in the units theyre called [KATUSA](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KATUSA)

 That's not what I mean. Cubans invented the treatment, despite their hardships. But because of an embargo we could have lifted at any time, we didn't import anything from Cuba. Including really good medical treatments. How stupid was that?  the fuck?

vaccine seems like an odd word for this

surely a cure for cancer would have been heard around the world even if it had been cubans who came up with it It will always be my true love. So much control, so much precision in functionality. I've been using Live a lot recently, but I miss the attention to detail Cubase allowed for.

There were just too many damn windows! I don't know what an actual Cuban would think of it, but I've had some good lunches at [Embargo Grill](http://www.embargogrill.com/) I would scuba dive more and I would totally get my pilots license and buy a P-51 Mustang and fly everywhere Probably won't get a response here. At least you aren't supposed to. Check out /r/cubancigars! Some awesome people over there that know a lot!  And physicians... Also did you know Cuba is also the worlds leading developer in a lung cancer vaccine?

But do you know why the sugar industry collapsed? Uh, I don't know if you knew this about Cuba, but they have pretty nice cigars there... Glad to know you stole this from my imgur account, @scubastove.  Fucker Thanks! Yes, if I go to Cubase, I know 2 things, the workflow isn't as fast and it's not an easy DAW. My thoughts exactly. Just like the Cuba-US policy hasn't worked for over 40 years, it was time to try something new. I whole-heartedly agree. The inlaws love their ducks and I do too- I plan to incubate some eggs sometime soon!  Considering he's wearing shorts that are the scuba flag for "down diver" in guessing he's PADI certified and wants people in the know to know.  ......

http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db74.pdf

america infant mortality problem is not a counting difference but an health care access problem...........

I remember if you control calculations America will only barely beat Cuba. Well it's a great time to buy now then since Cubase 8 only released a few months back. you could have have said quiero singarte papi! (in cuban) you really are hot mama tarkus &lt;3 your effort is appreciated,definitely a fan of yours sexy   Thanks! I feel terrible because I must have left a latch open, won't happen again! I've fashioned an incubator of sorts and hoping to get some chicks in their mother's honour! :) Dammit!

um...

What if I wished I could never feel emotions again? I would never create hope, but I would never create despair, right? Would I still become a magical girl if I couldn't feel anything?

What now, Incubator?! That's Cuban Jesus DUMP HOMERS CONTRACT, TRADE LORENZEN AND COZART FOR TROUT, RESIGN CUETO AND EVERY PLAYER IN CUBA.  Would of been better if the floridian kicked a cuban out. I thought Cubase was the industry standard? Sure free economies are bigger and richer economies, but socialism is all about equality. In Cuba doctors and hairdressers have the privilege of being equally poor! Isn't that great!?  Finland can't come close to that! Good:  He opened up Cuba.

Bad:  He opened up Cuba. Most of them actually. At Chuuk lagoon they actually offer scuba tours.

I've never had the opportunity but fuck would I love to I'd have to say the Cuban Missile Crisis since it's probably the closest the world ever came to WW III.  Better dead than red? Have you ever looked at our flag? It's too late, the commies are right on your borders already! If you thought the cuban missile crisis was bad, you just wait for the moose wars to kick in! The Cubans seem to like it here.  The New Yorkers go on and on about how much better NYC is, as if they were forced to move down here at gunpoint. Cold water wreck scuba diving in the Atlantic What do you want to know?

Cuba was a puppet of the USSR during the cold war, and the US didn't want them under USSR control since Cuba is close enough for a short-range strike, which would leave the US with very little time to respond or retaliate. It's probably fairer to compare Cuba to other dirt poor Caribbean countries. How do their life expectancy and infant mortality compare then?   The US and Cuba used to be besties, but then they had a revolution and another guy who used to be our friend tried to put nuclear missiles in Cuba, so we stopped talking to Cuba (though other countries still did). They're giving you cancer and then selling the cure - turns out Cuba is pretty good at this "capitalism" thing after all. I am imagining the only cuban immigrant grading that essay getting his paper... Thats irrelevant to the joke. You see a lot of cubans here in florida. Substantially more than new yorkers. Source: im cuban and puerto rican (a.k.a a new yorker) I've taken it underwater and used it to feed fish while scuba diving. They seemed to like it.  It's expensive but worth it in my opinion. Having the professional workflow when it comes to arrangement and mixing in Cubase, can do wonders for your productivity. Especially when it's a big project, and you are starting to lose hope !.  Padron 1964 Diplomatico is leagues above the LP9... 

So if you're going to look at cigars in that league: Fuente Anejo, Ashton ESG, Ashton Symmetry, Padron 1926, Fuente Opus X, La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse, Le Bijou 1922. I think I remember a fight between a Cuban drug dealer and a Chippendales dancer. They were both trying to climb a ladder. Anyone remember this?? G-shocks are indestructible as well. Before I got a nice watch for my 18th I took my cheap G-shock scuba diving, dropped it out of windows, fell on it, etc... and not even a scratch after 4 years. Yeah, the Searing gorge one you just helped a dwarf who was in it. 

There is one underwater at the speedbarge that has someone stuck in it, its part of the quest for the scuba gear for the area. Sure,  let's get into a war off the Chinese coast in a sea called China. Maybe China should claim Cuba.  Fair is fair.  Cuba isn't that remote, people sail to the U.S. from Cuba all the time. Hell you barely need a boat! You're right, my bad, RFK- during the cuban missile crisis.

I got excited I'd love to see more pics, next to watches Scuba is my favorite hobby :). This is awesome!  We formally thank Cuba. May the fascism never raises again. We are happy to start with a clean slate with Cuba, as far away as we are. Some logical scientific explanation incoming:

It's because the female still produces eggs and the male produces sperm, but after the eggs are fertilized the female gives them to the male to incubate. But would you smoke a cuban cigar if it were legal and you'd been vaccinated?   Im pretty sure Cubans inhale their cigars  President Medina welcomes Cuba to take action on its word. But not Cuba. One of those old fashioned scuba suits. 


On top of someone's face (unless they're into that kind of thing, /r/fartporn (NSFW)) For some color, Mark Cuban took a company that captured sporting event radio feeds at live events and streamed it over the net and sold it for FREAKING $6 billion to Yahoo right before the bubble burst. Im Cuban, and in December I met my soon to be Uncle-In-Law, and he came from the airport decked out in Guayabera and Panama hat. Smart decision, bc the fam assimilated him as one of our own immediately because of it, haha He wants the Cuban American vote, so crushing the latest negotiations with Cuba is obvious. 
Then again, if he shuts down Cuba again, all his corporate buddies won't be able to sue that place for every last scrap they lost in the revolution. 
 Houston here. Can you send scuba gear? We're drowning over here.  We are happy to open discussion with Cuba and will recongize Guantanamo Bay as rightful Cuban Territory  We would love to open relations with Cuba, but will respectfully have no opinion on the situation with Guantanamo. Of course. Continued trade with Cuba is very welcome with me. We now recognize Guantanamo Bay as rightful Cuban Territory any attempts, we disapprove of the Midlands grabbing of Military bases and other aggressive behavior  Pls, I was scuba diving in *Clear Blue Water*. You're the one hoping for a *Miracle* He might want to check the more recent polls on normalizing relations with Cuba amongst Cuban Americans. Red zone Cuba(courtesy of MST3k) I think I might be out of touch too then. Younger generation changing the attitude toward Communist Cuba? Too cold in Melbourne right now to do any scuba diving... I'd almost appreciate a *world on fire*.  are there now inexpensive routes into cuba that don't require tour booking?  When we looked into cuban travel it was still well WELL over a grand per person for a weekend trip. Did Cuba manage to sell snake oil to the US ?
 I love scuba dresses because they fit me well. But mostly because there's no way a bit of wind will make it show my underwear. It stays put since it's a bit heavy. Looking at the photos they have on the website.... Man. :/ They dont look very good. That Cuban looks like a hot mess. Oh well. Its a trade off I have to accept. Thanks! Cum might as well be a spider incubator. Perfect breeding conditions  Wait, that's different from just normal grainy toothpaste though, right?  I thought that stuff was supposed to be good.

At least it's good for cleaning my headlights and removing the film from my scuba mask. Many years ago there were some sextuplets who were "extracted" from their mother's womb, and they were put in incubators. All of them died. PLOT TWIST: The Floridian is a Cuban alligator and Miami Heat fan I'm generally down on the WEDC and corporate welfare, but I'd rather money go into start-ups and incubators than established businesses with other options available to them. 

 Which really only leaves me asking: how the hell did Cuba get to it before we did? &gt;has been available for free to Cuban patients since 2011

I'm sure you read that part, right? They should enact a law where the old cars cannot be sold outside of Cuba, as they are designated heritage cars, or something to that effect. Any type of deep ocean swimming or SCUBA Diving is extremely dangerous to do without at least one other person I hope it descalates conflict so meaningful action can be taken. The Vatican was a large part of the recent move between Cuba and the USA, so who knows When you're scuba diving or out on a space walk (but someone else pointed out the space suit thing already). The reason why Im considering Cubase is because I dont like how Ableton works, but that can probably be solved if Ableton has ajything Cubase doesnt, kind of checking, im amazed by both of them but Live doesnt fit me. The reason why Im considering Cubase is because I dont like how Ableton works, but that can probably be solved if Ableton has ajything Cubase doesnt, kind of checking, im amazed by both of them but Live doesnt fit me. I am a noob at Cubans, but shouldn't they have a box code you can check online? That should give you an indication. "Good healthcare" for the patients, maybe, but I don't think cuban doctors like it there. Years of studying, embracing a huge responsibility for a "couple bucks" in return. They'd have noticeable holes in them like [this](http://www.cubancigarsbest.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/2.jpg).

Go post over at /r/cigars, you might be able to flip them there. Approved. [Here is your wiki](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldpowers/wiki/cuba), make sure you keep it updated. Flair up when the flairs are functional again. So my jars looked fully colonized, I waited a week and have now moved them away from the incubator and have the jars at room temperature. I will now wait a few days for pins to appear and once they do I dunk them in water for 24h?

Thanks again!  Cubanito12345 got 2 with me  Cuba is hardly an important accomplishment for a legacy. This is good news. We should exchange embassies so that diplomatic crises are not caused by Cuban and Southern Statesian blunders. Cuba doesn't work, thinking it does is just reactionary thinking. [M] Please make a post about this and the Cuban embargo being lifted. Those Cohiba, montecristo, and romeo y Julieta, are the same as the Cubans right? Available for free to Cubans. And now that the US has it, it'll cost tens of thousands of dollars.  except for the fact that Cuba has been pretty well know for its medical service a couple of decades back. 

They even offered to send doctors to work in New Orleans after Katrina.  The Cuban Cigar! I understand, but I also have to keep in mind that these will be mostly tourists who all they know is "Cuban cigars are best cigars" and so I need to be able to compare things to what they are familiar with. What would you suggest I change? I assume you're the one with his back to us? But is there a kid wearing scuba fins? ?? We are pleased by this development. Let us have good relations, now and forever.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba Is it as dangerous as people incubating diseases that have the potential to maim and kill millions of people? [yup](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2014/12/americans-are-totally-ready-for-the-cuban-embargo-to-end/383836/) California would like to negotiate with the new Cuban government. The world has seen enough war.  Fucking, THANK YOU for saying this. I absolutely can not stand ProTools and have used CuBase since 2004. In addition,  the Cuban government just fakes the stats and moves on. I'd rather be Cuba Gooding Jr. than a narcissistic psycho British government worker. the conservatives will love his name on the ticket and will attack that and the Cuba comparisons will be coming left and right for days Excellent. 

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba Welp, you guys are fucked now. The caps have yet to lose when I eat Cuban food. I thought ahead and got a cubano and some congri before they closed this time! [I'm gonna teach ya!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Wx-gt0jl4o)

[Just read this guide, it's easy as A-B-C, 1-2-3~~](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VBA7aR8cuBAGkzLyrNHbbvnz_pMKTTrJIsJ0qBtQ414/edit) Scuba diving and snorkelling. ALRIGHT! I LEARNED MY LESSON! NO GIN AND TONICS! BEER CRACKED! CUBANO GO! LETS GO CAPS! There can be some nasty things inside fake Cuban cigars. I'd be careful  I'm using a sCUBA pony bottle so the regulator I am using is a compact pony bottle reg. looks like a brown anole  native to Cuba and are considered invasive apparently.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_anole thats called a cubano although they use a ton more sugar Just the way the show is. Its actually funny. His dad the old dude in the middle is a crazy cuban Uh, no it wasn't. California prevented Cuba from being invaded. That's where I want to go, number one on my scuba diving bucket list Cubano* Cubans are Floridians, Cubans have a cancer vaccine.... The Cuban Volcano cigar sounds great, but I really wanted a bigger size for instagram photos. I need a bigger cigar, but let's keep it at $5.  We have angered the one true buckety god by removing it from Cuba street for "repairs".

Repent ye sinners. CubanMessiah Ah yes, Cuban B! Cubase. I'm not sure Cuba would release news of his death right away. E quando Cuba lança essa vacina? Cuban music intensifies  Noam Chomsky's daughter, Aviva Chomsky, wrote *A History of the Cuban Revolution*, which might be of interest to you. Share that with /r/scuba. They love lionfish being speared in the Caribbean. Badmitton and scuba diving.  In a yellow submarine off the shores of Cuba Ellenwyn you poor poor child *insert angry Hecuba glaring at Heather for moving onto **her** girl* Yes, but we are hosting a friendly game between America and Cuba!

Im almost positive it's on the 4th. It could be the night before. I cringed at this comment. Cuban isn't a race. More biomes, then biome specific buildings, dungeons, mobs, and bosses to create a better exploring aspect.

I'd also add in an incubator to hatch the Dragon egg, to set up a harder fight, since the dragon would then be more evolved. You did seen anything, ScubaSteve, you SAW it. If Cuba seeks war with us, then so be it. We will not surrender our base. We will not allow Cuba to cheat us on an agreement that lawfully agreed to. Mediation is fine. The US let the Vatican do that with Cuba. If I had to choose it would be the Canadians. I have nothing against the Brits — they even almost assisted the CSA in the Civil War — but I feel we share more in common with the Canadians. Since you're traveling with omnivores, you could try Laughing Seed. It's a vegetarian menu, but us carnivores can find incredibly tasty things on it (their "Cuban" is amazing). Maybe Cuba's not as shitty as you've been led to believe? Scuba  Right. When someone talks about Silicon Valley engineers crammed into a startup incubator that's the very first TV show that comes to mind. Next thing you know the Postal Inspectors will be tracing that spud all the way back to Cuba and find out its filled with heroin Mastec, MTZ. Infrastructure (telecom and energy) construction.

I like the local guy running it, the accounting looked alright, if a US company was going to modernize Cuban infrastructure this company would be well equipped. college dropout, days before rodeo, Only Built 4 Cuban Linx (mostly cuz my one homie doesnt have an aux port and the only CD he keeps in his car is that one), got that Isaiah Rashad, got that Atmosphere, Outkast, etc Cuba should share lung cancer vaccine with India Pharma before Big Pharma. Geez.  You got doxxed over that?  Harsh, man.  It's not like you put American cheese on a Cuban sandwich or something. I just had a thought, since we have so many Cuban players. With Obama wanting to improve relations with Cuba, how will an open Cuba affect signing players in the MLB? Will we see a Cuban influx? ##THE CUBAN LIGHTS ARE LOVELY! THE DONGS AT NIGHT ARE BIG AND BRIGHT

CLAPCLAPCLAPCLAP

DEEP IN THE HEART OF CUBA! I'd like to see a return to minor league teams in Cuba. I prefer bacon over Cubans. &gt; We incubated ISIS,

Evidence?

&gt;just like we did with Al Qaeda after we didn't do what we promised in Afghanistan when the Russians pulled out.

How did we "incubate" al Qaeda?


 Floridian here, New Yorker can be replaced with Cuban.  he was cuba before you... Scuba dude is so cool. For me it was mixing history with mutants. I loved that we got a reason for the Cuban Missile Crisis that was a hybrid of history and comics.  Lol Cuba [You should talk to this dude from a year ago.](http://www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen/comments/1rcsfc/game_idea_incubators_in_space/) I know this joke as a Russian, a Cuban and an American. The Russian throws a half full bottle of vodka, the Cuban throws a half smoked cigar, and the American throws out the Cuban. Did you base this off the incubator date? Because at this point it's meaningless and just says "today" all the time. If it wasn't for Vasili Arkhipov there may have definately been nuclear war during the Cuban missile crisis apparently.

It's a scary thought

 Dwayne "pussyassbitch" Wade is on your team you fedoric fuck. Your franchise is a fucking joke, go grab a cuban sandwich and fuck some grannies while your team plays in the 4th quarter of the finals you fucking cunt. Get at me.
 Dwayne "pussyassbitch" Wade is on your team you fedoric fuck. Your franchise is a fucking joke, go grab a cuban sandwich and fuck some grannies while your team plays in the 4th quarter of the finals you fucking cunt. Get at me.
 Hey man, you can legally import cubans now. Jax has to burn through his old stash. I wouldn't be too concerned about keeping fake Cuban cigars properly humidified.  Cali didn't help Cuba. Cuba wouldn't have been a target in the first place if not for Cali relations. It's a difference in opinion, not fact. cuba isnt borderline 3rd world. they have a literacy rate of nearly 100%. They are an educated nation with excellent healthcare. Relations with Cuba? I would dissect one and see what's in it before smoking them.  Lots of horror stories about fake cubans. Are you going to try to incubate the eggs and let them hatch?  5 hitless innings. 
2 hits. 
1 ER. 
5 strikeouts. 

Cubans man, they....they can pitch.  They have mentioned boats, and even alluded to scuba equipment. I had someone go through my post history and downvote crap in /r/scuba because I said something they didn't like here in dogs. People are great. LOL. I can't tell if Mike Judge thinks Mark Cuban is an idiot or is just fucking with him.

 Cuban cigars... Cuba does the same. Light that Cuban up, Slats!  Cubans have a higher life expectancy than Americans. That sounds perfect. I'm definitely picking up some of those missing ingredients (burley, oakwood and cuban supreme) to try this out. It sounds like a winner all around. My dad went scuba diving there. Said it was like swimming inside a lava lamp. Also said it was a real schlep getting to the lake with all the dive equipment.  Hey I have a startup incubated in a startup incubator, there are other people on the same network too but none of them is infected. When I get back from there I'm always on mobile data. Do you still think that's possible? Hey I have a startup incubated in a startup incubator, there are other people on the same network too but none of them is infected. When I get back from there I'm always on mobile data. Do you still think that's possible? I moved to Florida two years ago, never having eaten a Cuban sandwich. They are so freaking good. If we keep treating scuba instructors this way, there won't be any left! There is a direct flight from SJO to La Havana with Cubana. Round trip is like $480 per person (plus $29 departure tax that you pay at the airport here in CR).

http://www.cubana.cu/home/?lang=en Can you buy fake Cuban cigars there?
 Its taken me an hour to get from Cuba st to the bottom of ngauranga gorge. Expect delays It's time we came up with fully autonomous incubators that could house a human from an inseminated egg stage all the way to the full 9 months US to share thousands of drugs developed over the past 50 years with Cuba, but lets pretend like Cuba is coming to the rescue of the US with this marginal drug.  No disneyland or cuban food for you No, he went to Cuba. Flying planes and gliders, community theatre, pub trivia, cooking, learning a language.

Volleyball and yoga aren't too strenuous and very fun. SCUBA diving requires some cardio capacity. Beach volleyball, surfing, skiing/snowboarding, running, SCUBA diving.  So what right did the US have in stopping Russian missiles from deploying in Cuba? What military intervention are liberals pissed about? Libya was lead by UK and France. He's played his hand well against Putin. Opening up negotiations with Cuba, taken a more balanced approach with Israel, ect. also a cuba libre shouldn't be a specialty drink Chk his Instagram, he is friends with Stephen fry, Paris Hilton etc. travels around the world, was in Cuba recently. The dude knows how to have a good time. American business is all about the opening with Cuba.  So is the rest of the world.  Republicans will cave to the pressure when they realize less and less people care about outdated Cold War issues. What about Cuban man imports lung cancer vaccine? Kinda similar.  How can we trust Cuba now? Scuba Open Water certification..

My local dive shop has a course on special for $150 (due to Winter) We would like to open relations with the Cuban government, considering the very significant Cuban minority in our country. I'm glad I'm not the only one that sees it as a scuba helmet. I tell all my clan mates it looks like a scuba helm but I always get shut down No misunderstandings I just wanted to clarify. Never scuba dived before, family friends tell stories and it gives me the "nope" feeling. My warlock friends didn't buy it because it looked like scuba gear. But it was my first exotic armor. It only became usefully when Crota hard mode came out.   Well, Rob frickin Swire uses Cubase, so that answers your question about it being suitable for EDM. Scuba meet up in the train station?  Fort Lauderdale, Florida to Kingston, Jamaica is pretty fun. It's not *too* long and flying over Cuba is beautiful.  Was he cosplaying as a Cuban?  Because that guy looks Cuban as FOOK.  Maybe it's the cigar tho.  the states with the most foreign immigrants have the highest population... who knew?!

florida gets immigrants from all the carribean countries, and cuba, and we dont deport due to wet foot, dry foot laws. Sounds like you've never had a great Cubano. Grilled cheese is nice, but even thinking about a Cubano makes me drool. Excellent. We thank you for your support.

~Signed Raul Castro, President of Cuba So teaching people why not to SCUBA dive doesnt count as SCUBA lessons? Shit... La Aroma de Cuba Why not socialism?  Because China, Cuba, Laos, Vietnam, North Korea, and, oh hell, let's throw in Venezuela.   Do you know any spanish local board where I could post this? I've already mailed all scuba diving schools in Lloret but no reply so far.
 Holy shit, as someone with a SCUBA license, that would be genuinely amazing.  No, it's actually Cuba 
http://imgur.com/XTI2fMO My guess is that most Americans wouldn't fit into a "pod" that wasn't at least half the size of Cuba. 





[Sitting is hard enough](http://i.imgur.com/eOJmT1c.jpg) \#rekt Columbia so far, just wanting Cuba now that the USA can't fight me for it and cripple Mexico a bit more as much as we're up the ass of the sauds you might see a cuban missile crisis like blockade if we caught wind of pakistan shipping warheads, missiles, and crews to the saudis. Didn't you invade and occupy/attempt to colonise the Philippines and Cuba?  The Philippines, Cuba, Hawaii, Commodore Perry ? Don't real.

Not to even mention that, you, know, most of US territory used to be in the hands of either Mexico or Indian nations. So...[a Cuban, a Komandir, and Dostoevsky walk into a bar](http://imgur.com/a/lOhCb)

I'm gonna miss holidays A baseball game in Cuba
 3rd World is defined by underdevelopment and high levels of poverty not by literacy. To be fair Cuba is classed as 2nd World but only as of around the mid 90's, hence 'borderline 3rd world'. *Now* I want to go scuba diving! 現在ニュアンス調整版をミックスダウン中。毎度cubase立ち上げに2分、レンダリングに3分かかるから、しっかりしたプロポーザルが必要になる。「今回の着手では、どこをどのように変更する」という計画書。 Hundreds. Check out njscuba.net for some jumping off points.  The base is American.  We are American. The prisoners within the base are a threat to the world. Quite frankly, Cuba is making a mountain out of a molehill.  LED lights lang talaga (wired the whole house with new lights), at electric fan. Pang-backup kasi kapag may brownout/baha tulad ng month long na Ondoy tragedy sa amin. May shop sa top floor ng AliMall Cubao na puro solar panel shiz :) I say the psycho 7 or the LA Aroma DE Cuba I can introduce you to several Cuban ex-pats who would be happy to hear he was gone.
 "Cuba meating junior?" Oswald was an FBI agent working on the Cuba issue, he was set up by Johnson.  Our government totally did it.  Comply or die is the message. Close, Cuba has a lung cancer vaccine! Are you one of those people who thinks the world consists entirely of the United States, Cuba and Japan. Now sit down for a moment while I explain football's Offside rule or the AFL's Holding the Ball rule. 
 The guy almost launched a nuclear torpedo during the Cuban Missile Crisis, doesn't sound like much debate... Cuba took this to the extreme. The Castro regime didn't touch the flag at all after the revolution. Cubans have been usung the same flag on and off since the mid 1800s Well technically, North Florida is still considered "the South" but not South Florida cause everybody there is from New York/ New Jersey/ Cuba.  Somos un lugar muy estratégico geográficamente... y ya estamos en la Europa hasta las trancas... si nos vamos nos ahogan, lo de Cuba sería una broma. Si se hace el cambio a nivel mundial sería lo suyo. No hay un país que no esté intervenido...  But back to Cuba Gooding Jr. ... Only three counties in the world, do not have a central bank owned by the financiers of the world ~ Iran, Cuba and North Korea.   They call me Cuban Pete. I'm the king of the rhumba beat.
When I play the maracas I go chick-chicky-boom, chick-chicky boom LOL. You can include someone else's if you're not satisfied with yours.  ;)

You can post whatever and however you want. If you want to wear a full SCUBA suit, go for it. If you want to do it naked, that's cool too. If you seriously don't understand how Mark Cuban struck gold and how the stock market works, you shouldn't comment about it.

Is he mentally retarded? No.

Is he even above average in any way? Show me how.
 I'm going to guess he's asking what does the hatching 100% mean. 

To the OP. If you read their incubator blog. It's completed but they haven't finished testing it to release into beta yet. There was [this proposal]( https://www.reddit.com/r/bindingofisaac/comments/35vuce/afterbirth_proposal_fix_cuba_meating_junior_woes/) i just wrote for meatboy / bandage girl What turns me off is that she is racist against Latinos, because when she was younger in Miami, she didnt get nearly as much attention as Cubans and other Latinos.  Fuckin puta. At cubana right now, you should come for a beer my shout if you still in Legnica. ... Communist Taiwan - the "Cuba of China" - aligned with the USSR, because where else to turn to?

Complete with its own Missile Crisis. Drunkpost, please ignore.  Somehow I got hung up on the example picture of a Cuban guy in a fedora upthread.  I'd expect this shit from the DPRK, but not Cuba for some reason. Also, Cuba is not in Florida. http://www.90milescubancafe.com/

We had a lot of fun here. Super cheap. BYOB. Yeah, buy Miami has a lot of Cubans and Cuban culture. From 3 weeks ago:

/r/worldnews/comments/33pl8l/cuba_has_had_a_lung_cancer_vaccine_for_years_with/cqn862e I work in corporate finance, and I own a pair of Red Wings, Nick's and Vibergs - you don't have to wear dress shoes all the time!

Also, White's do block heels as well as Cuban or Dogger heels (which you were referring to as the 'slanted heels') Thanks for the info, you are correct as well, no response from OP.

Sounds like, to an extent, the same issue we had with Cuba decades back. Many died taking the trip form Cuba to the mainland US. 


 I will provide support and logistics to Cuban Air Force, if it is possible, so they can handle the new planes. Could that work?
 I did! Just hanging out trying to be an incubator this week. ;-) I just saw your response to Cuba as well, we will do as you say. Russia will provide in the Muriel Airfield the required support and train programs to Cuban Air Force.  Ha ha, I was thinking - 'why is this post at the top of the sub? I bet someone's kicking the shit out of him in the comments. I better check it out!' 

Don't ever change /r/scuba, I love you  Tons of comments for Di Pasquale's but I gotta put my two cents in; the cubanella sandwich is my favorite. Give me an incubator or give me death! Care to share what he data incubator fellowship is?

Thanks!

-mp I hope these are infused with Fidel Castro's magical Cuban semen or else this bid is going to waste...  Here you go: https://www.thedataincubator.com/ I got asked to make a Cuban sandwich with no mustard, pickles, vegetables, a ham and cheese sandwich... Cuban time as well This week on Shark Tank:

Inventor: "I invented a bot that trolls reddit for you"

Cuban: "I'll pay you $10 million" * Cracker Crumbs
* Any Cuban I have ever smoked
* Sam Leccia White
* AF Short Story
* AVO Classic
* My Father No. 4

There are a ton more that I enjoy with coffee, however, I cannot remember them at the moment.
 *Hispanic. Some central American countries share those foods with Mexico. *insert Cuban Mexicans being best Mexicans meme* I just leave this here for you http://photography.nationalgeographic.com/photography/photo-of-the-day/scuba-diver-tragoss-austria/ Hi ruinher!

We are out of Miami.  Pardon the mobile site, we are working on its responsiveness.  I'm glad you tried our sauce in Lokal!  We should have some more Cuban Sriracha goodness after batch 8.  Thanks for the inquiry!
 We were on vacation in Belize and I proposed while we were scuba diving. Thankfully it was a yes. Holy shit. Thats exactly what happened to me. Except now im saving to leave in October to become a Scuba Diving instructor and travel the world.

Send me a PM and hopefully if we end up in the same part of the world someday, ill buy you coffee :)  Cold War. Cuban Missile Crisis. Etc.

Never all out war, but damn close. [This](https://www.librarything.com/work/11634945/book/114784210) book is worth the read.  They guy was a jerk and a questionable sailor.  He found Cuba, not America. I've heard sperm donor and incubator a lot.

I call my Nmother, her Nhubby, and Ngma all by their first names. At first it felt so foreign, but now I only refer to Nmother as such when I'm here or sometimes talking to my hubby or sister. * Casa Cuba
* Alec Bradley Connecticut 
* Rosado Sungrown Toro 54 
* EPC Cardinal Natural Toro 54
* Indios Puros 1999 release 
* Diamond Crown Connecticut  I mean he wasn't shy about singlehandedly restoring our full diplomatic relations with Cuba, so think something as trivial as money design wouldn't scare him. But you seem quite dedicated to your cynicism, so I'll just leave you two alone. Yes, they did come first. Actually now that I go check it looks like most of the new ones are still incubating and haven't reached Beta yet. There are a few courses for Spanish speakers to learn French and German etc. but not the others yet. Soon though. Yeah I'm sure what we will be teaching kids 50 years from now is how Obama mended relations with Cuba. Incubating a Kubrow takes 2 days, this thing is on for 4 days. While obviously the choice of flag is up to the Cuban people and government, I find this highly frustrating. It makes it much more difficult to distinguish pro- and anti-Castro Cubans, which can lead to some...awkward interactions. Uh huh.  They look even fresher when you realize Cuban hired Diddy to design them as a direct response to they're previous alternates looking like metallic trashbags

http://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/assets/5046866/9-21jerseys7.jpg Great look, but why Dallas? Isn't he a huge NY guy? Good work Cuban. I like a Cuban Rey del Mundo Demi Tasse but lately I have been loving the El Triunfador Petite Corona. I'm pretty sure that project file is in my PC, which is in my dad's storage.  I've been dying to get that computer back as it's got all my early work on it!!  Then there's the whole converting over from Cubase :) &lt;3 dumbass didnt even know what pentatonics are. despite like 20 years in the music industry, she still hasnt learned basic theory

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pH9l8KlcuBA I have only just returned to playing warframe after over a year, is it possible for me to do the quest for the incubator and grow the dog in time to do this alert? I received a free egg from the in game message (it's 4 days). Yes it does. It's only played in north america, japan and I guess cuba? 

That's a niche sport. Ah, allergies...when I was a toddler my hands broke out pretty badly after visiting a petting zoo. The doctor decided I'd contracted hoof and mouth disease and just skipped the incubation period.

It was allergies. As per my other comment - the year before the Mavs introduced a tragedy of an alternate design that looked like reflective trashbags so Cuban went out of his way to find someone known to be more in tune w/ popular fashion and hired Diddy. a specialty drink should be something unique to that particular bar.  I get cuba libres literally everywhere. Why would I, as a customer, go to freaky tiki and have their cuba libre over anyone elses? Miami resident, I assume? Accounting for Cuban time, happy new year! 2 pac he is in Cuba smoking Cubans in Havana. You need to smoke Cuban cigars.  Proof in link below.
http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/7267518 Born in Canada and the son of a Cuban revolutionary soldier under Castro? Doesn't sound very Texas to me. I'm really not sure if you're serious at this point. If you don't understand why Cuba is a dictatorship and the US isn't, then I'm not sure what else to say. It's all explained [in this thread](http://www.scubaboard.com/forums/socal/358721-scuba-schools-america-rusty-berry.html). I wouldn't go that far to call them *such good* relations.

It is quite ironic that the U.S. destroys companies and they befriend them right after though.

Japan, Germany, now Vietnam. Maybe Cuba &amp; Iran in the future. the rare cuban breakfast walk. I didn't know much about Cuban dictatorships though. We kind of skimmed over the Americas. DBQs are easy in general.

Edit: Maybe it was the practice test. It's nice to walk off a healthy cuban breakfast from time to time. You would think journalistic standards would disqualify him. The left considers it a career enhancement. Now, back to ignoring the Clintons and asking if Ted Cruz can show us some Cuban dance moves... Better to test that thingz on americans than on cubans, no? Maybe the fidel's revenge? Creating mutants and zombies on american soil... Conspiracy subreddit maybe Cuba Gooding Jr. did not graduate from college. He is the kind of adult learner that UMass Boston was built for. Wonder if we can talk him into matriculating.

And I think his name in your title actually kicks the sub to 50% Cuba Gooding Jr. China, ~~North~~ Best Korea, commie block and Cuba?  Ahhh, yes! Cuban Bee! You can't *incubate* two at once. You can have as many as you want IIRC. I have three. So what you're telling me is that where we are now is as much r/cubagoodingjr as it is r/UMassBoston? Always found that interesting about the Cuban and Puerto Rican flags- the one with a star on red became communist, the one with a star on blue and red/white stripes became an American possession. I'm an audio engineer so when I'm in Cubase I have light angle snapping on as well as a dpi-clutch so switching back to a "normal" mouse setting takes some adjustment usually That makes sense, but is it more dangerous to swim down 5 meters from where you last took a breath using SCUBA gear than taking a breath at the surface and swimming down 5 meters? So we should probably stop saying Cuba Gooding jr. so much Well this definitely is not the Cuban school of boxing.  It is mainly down to Sanctions from Capitalist Countries. The Cold War mean't that the USSR was fairly closed off and Cuba had until recently had sanctions and a blockade imposed upon it by the US [Secret] Cuba would be willing to send old RPG-7s and T-54s and T-55s, in exchange for an increase of attacks on targets we want.

[[1d20]] +/u/rollme Cuban Dingle ##AURORA MORALES!!

###THE CUBAN LIGHTS!! Juan Espinoza, a Cuban Intelligence worker, has leaked the information to as many news organizations (2) as possible before being murdered in his sleep. US navy this close to Chinese waters is same as missiles in Cuba. Only difference is the US has been like this for so long that they think its normal. It's not much, but it's something. Either way, it's good to hear that people will benefit from this vaccine. 

I really want to visit Cuba. One day soon..  http://i.imgur.com/Do8r6db.jpg

My scuba dude :) Get scuba certified. That will be most memorable. In some places it is only one weekend, I believe.

Your life will be divided in to two halfs. One is before you became scuba capable, and the other. Is there somewhere I can read more about these Cuban sanctions? Inwas under the impression that Cuba was relatively closed off until frequently. That, for example, reporters were not allowed to go there Do I need to find a citation for the Bay of Pigs -&gt; Cuban Missile Crisis or the Bush Afghanistan/Iraq War "Weapons of Mass Destruction" citation? 

Both are widely known and reported on, you could just google it... Victors 1959 for the best cubano in town Mark Cuban's ratings look legit. Unless he has a separate Android phone just so he can write shill reviews for competing brands on the Play Store. :P We never denied a nation's sovereignty or declared them as simply a colony to another nation. We merely doubted Cuba's ability to handle the prisoners. Once more, the South wishes to see a people of color under the submission of white men. Hawai'i nei, wishes to establish relations with Cuba as well, if Cuba will have us.  And when Cuba asks you to leave today, you guys just laugh and proceed to keep your little death camp on their island.  Hawai'i nei will end any embargo placed upon the nation of Cuba. Mark Cuban  Yeah, I'm not sure he ever lived in the incubator to begin with. Which will further fuck up the attempt to make it look like he had some part in the creation of Pied Piper.  Let's see now:

Rubio wants to arm the Ukraine military, cut diplomacy with Iran, more airstrikes in Iraq, increase naval activity in the China Sea, reverse the current diplomacy with Cuba.

Cue the hawk sound effect………SKWAAAAA SKWAAAA Huna is great and all but honestly I'm more jealous of all that Cubano Espresso. I haven't managed to get my hands on any 2015.  No. Not at all. That's something a cuban guy might say, or some wannabe gangsta who listens to too much reggaeton, but definitely not a mexican thing to say. I'm gonna be honest, you'll look really strange wearing that in the Midwest, probably even if you're Cuban.   

Source: Cubano who used to live in Illinois. Only really wore them at parties and stuff with Mexicans and other Cubanos. Its not Logic (i use logic) I think it is cubase, they are both pretty similar in appearance  I don't know a lot about the Philippines. How is its situation different (in terms of what kind of revolution is required) from pre-revolutionary Cuba's? As far as I know, Cuba didn't have a New Democratic revolution. Savanna Cuba? I learned Spanish from a Cuban woman. The first time I listened to my brother in law I thought the exact same thing. I have had to train my brain to not giggle a little.  Olideniz in Turkey. It's cheap ,hot and the flight isn't too long. I didn't do scuba diving but the paragliding from Badabag is beautiful.  We thank the Republic of Southern States for cooperation and we agree to exchange embassies.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba Context: http://www.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/cuba-and-us-lung-cancer-vaccine-collaboration bruh Fidel was a bro. Dude cared about Cuba. &gt;Linking Cuban lung cancer vaccine with fine cigar exports.

#Mindblown.

This is pure genius, it's the most elegant joke I've seen in a while...

 Bravo Sir, Bravo.. 191 Latin Americans were granted residence permit in 2014. 3 Chileans, 5 Cubans and 115 Colombians, rest undisclosed. Add to this a couple of hundred family members of these individuals. What?! That just makes no sense to me. I explained CIO to my mom, who's Cuban and had never heard of such a thing, and her response was, "My God, that sounds so cruel." Cubre is Libre! Remove decadent capitalist pigs from premises! Castro is savior, Castro shall bring is into the light! LIBRE CUBA WITH MORE COMMIE! I've met Kyubey-did-nothing-wrong libertarians, because the Incubators are essentially oil barons. [M]

The South isn't gonna normalise relations with Cuba anytime soon. Opening up relations with Cuba is the biggest of the few universally positive things he's done. Keith Van Horn is my hero. IIRC, Cuban signed him to a 4 million dollar contract after he retired just so they could trade it and make salaries match when they got Jason Kidd. I hope I can accomplish something like that one day. I don't think Cuba is an enemy of the Midlands. Wtf... is it even possible to skip incubation period? He was part of the incubator making the NipAlert app. Get some of those cells and wait for a perfected incubator.  Timeout end of game 5 was the biggest rigged thing in history

Wade golden boy vs asshole owner Cuban. Do u honestly think stern would let Dallas win haha Cubans in Miami. Keep that in mind Got a cuban flag and a text saying "Viva la revolución!". Does that count? Yeah, when we do get a physical space I imagine I'll just live there. Until then, we'll work with what we have (incubators/coworking spaces like you said, or even just out of one of the co-founders' places). My theory has been the Cubans had something to do with it. That's why we are just getting around to lifting sanctions now. I mean if we can be trading partners with Vietnam, why do we still have something against Cuba? The incubation period for Ebola is typically about 10 days, and up to 21 days. Presumably the nurse was nursing infected patients about 10 days ago. Still unlucky. Like getting shot on the last day of the war. Hopefully he'll be ok. This week on Shark Tank:Inventor: "I invented a bot that trolls reddit for you"Cuban: "I'll pay you $10 million"Other Shark: "What is reddit?"Cuban: "get gud fagt 1v1 me irl when u can meme like me" You're damn right it doesn't.  I'll move to Cuba before I live in a city.  Hence the whole Cuban Missile Crisis thing, now how did that start? Cuba doesn't accept the rent payment because they don't want to accept the legality of the US owning Guantanamo bay.  Er. What. It makes perfect sense for the states which have a large Cuban minority and a huge Spanish speaking community to want to normalise relations. The Cuban at The ABC Commissary was BAD.                 
Also not the places fault ~ I dislike blue cheese ~ I got a steak at the SciFi dinner and what I thought was butter wasn't ~ ruined my meal. scuba diving!! :D It's going to be hard to increase my spending by that much. Guess I need to cultivate an expensive habit like smoking Cuban cigars now that its legal.  I just wanted to emphasize that the intent was to harm Cuba's politicians by harming the people, and it really empowered the politicians by making the population more dependent than ever on them. i don't know, i'm not able to look, but it shows up in the incubator, like not 1/1 but 6/1 or whatever Ah okay. It doesn't show up in your inventory? Because I have an egg incubating right now. So I won't be able to check? 'legally' If it isn't recognised by the Cuban government I don't know how legal it can be considered. If he tapped BO then who else is he incubating right now? By the previous government (an American puppet), not the current Cuban government. Okay yeah, but still Savanna, Cuba is also quite punny. Making good welds on difficult geometries is hard enough out of the water. Add that to scuba diving into confined/dangerous places, and you get a very high hourly rate. We are filming a vegan episode next week with a guest. If I had to pick from your list, I'd go with cubans. I've got a lot of family in Tampa, and we always get them when I visit. No, I don't really look white. Though I do look EXTREMELY racially ambiguous. I grew up in a rural area, and people have assumed I'm Native American, Asian, Mexican, Cuban, White with a tan and 'weird' eyes (Their words), Inuit, and a bunch of others.  Fine Cuban gold...coming to a cigar shop near you.
 Fine Cuban gold...coming to a cigar shop near you.
 Ill be over in about half an hour with t-bones, a case of beer and a few Cubans. I know the house thanks to google earth :)  ^__[verified^nyan]__: ^/u/PoliticBot ^-&gt; ^/u/scubasteve812 ^__Ɲ642.000000__ ^__Nyancoin(s)__ ^[[help]](http://www.reddit.com/r/nyantip/wiki/index) ^__[Verified]__: ^/u/PoliticBot ^-&gt; ^/u/scubasteve812 __^Ɍ1152 ^Reddcoins__ ^[[help]](http://www.reddit.com/r/reddCoin/wiki/tipbot_reddit)
 Wonderful. A thousand limes to each of you. Let's move on to a game called Mojito-down! This is for all four of you with Cuba Libra Hall and Gimlet Taylor... What targets does Cuba want attacked? Cuban Cigars
Go for a special license for cuban to florida shipping 
Invest in local tourism if Royal Caribbean is making stops there
   I went the La Aroma De Cuba and it was fantastic!   Just wish I had bought a box instead of a single. Uh...... you know not all hispanic people are mestizo, right? there are black hispanics (10% of cubans are black). Just like a million other diseases that the same thing can occur with? So if everyone around you isn't vaccinated against every disease that has an incubation period then what are you gonna do?  As I said earlier, the Cubans are a small group, and they don't support Cuba itself. They live in Miami precisely because they or their parents/grandparents fled there to escape the Castro regime. Only a means of production will be necessary, I'm sure the Cubans have done plenty of research.   [Video Proof](https://www.dropbox.com/s/4nryy1mnxuib39g/cubanpete26%27s%20Rayquaza.mov?dl=0) I hear the Cubans can cure some cancer. Read the update they explain when it's being released. http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/no-BO/en/status Yeah, back when the Shah was in charge. And we loved Cuba when Batista was in charge too. This is sort of what i'm worried about. I've never been pregnant, but if I did happen to turn into a baby incubator i'd be worried that if I terminated I wouldn't get another chance again.. Cubase was my first thought, I saw footage with Droptek using it and it looks similar to this. Don't forget about the cuba lung cancer vaccine! Since we can trade with them again its going to start being distributed in the near future. I want Scuba Kane This is why Domincans, Puerto Ricans, and Cubans are so good at baseball. Cheaper to just hop on down to Cubatown Eh, Cuban doctors are pretty well regarded around the world.

When they offer medical support during global health issues, it's a good thing. How are a bunch of people who work for Google famous? Mark Cuban is the only person on that list the average person would know. People might know who Arianna huffington is if they are educated.  I had a dream recently that I was pregnant. It was like incubating a chest burster alien. Horrifying.  &gt; I had no idea my glasses were supposed to work like safety goggles

[This girl seems to be doing fine.](http://www.scubadiving.com/files/imagecache/enlarged_image/_images/201209/mask-thumb.jpeg) A few friends of mine ran into Mark Cuban at a club in Montreal once, and congratulated him on his basketball team winning the championship. He thanked them, and handed them each a $100 bill. Made their week.  These are amazing!!! Haha would love you see my Scuba in some!? this is exactly what i do but i also uses spices like cayenne, cumin, salt, pepper, hot sauce, oregano, thyme, paprika. also adding bacon and bacon fat. served with some fried plantains and you've got a great cuban meal Nice!  Curious as to everyone's impressions of the /r/cigars cuban stock By the power of the universe this needs to happen. 
ps. I love shadow and scuba That defeats the purpose of buying such a nice, awesome incubator though! I updated my original post with the transcript, I was born in the US but my parents are Cuban/Nicaraguan, I speak Spanish fluently but I don't speak it as frequently as I do English so I'd appreciate any feedback or suggestions you have. (: His point is that the drugs can be that cheap when you pay doctors and scientists next to nothing. I don't know about scientists, but Cuban doctors make about $65 a month. The Cubano is ridiculously good and what the trade was originally centered around  Fellow canadian. Just came back from Cuba with a haul in the luggage of 50 Partagas D4. Set me back ~500$, but so, so worth it. &gt; No politician should make the determination of a certain point where a woman is an incubator.

Thank you. This is the best answer in this thread. Well, if you want the most recent good relations; see US and Cuba. Cuban Lunch chocolate bar. i love in northern cuba (lol) so im gonna try to find some down here. maybe out on the reservation. thanks for the input. anxious to try it.  yeah but it requires us to whip up the world into yet another proxy war instead of relying on diplomacy.  how many shitstain politicians would rather go to war with Cuba and Iran rather than open up trade? Its true for scuba divers as well, people have surfaced only to find destruction etc when they got back to shore. [Here's my very detailed budget.](http://www.reddit.com/r/travel/comments/2y4aeq/heres_how_much_it_cost_to_travel_for_18_months/)

Wound up spending almost $30,000 including some huge splurges (scuba diving) for an 18 month trip. Also: Dancing Mule, Country Girls (for Cuban coffee), and Mudhouse Scuba There are 2 types of snakes. Oviporous, and Viviporous. Boas are Viviporous (Live birth) where as some other species lay eggs and incubate them until they hatch (Oviporous). [This ones for u/cubanimal. I hope you make it out of Ohio someday.](https://youtu.be/vweKHMrxDzA?t=240) Nope. She's just aunt maria. Cubans. My sister would've laughed though.  Nah, at least one Guatemalan and one Cuban I asked reeaally hate Mexicans. I asked around and it seems to be mutual hatred among some people. Raekwon - Only Built 4 Cuban Linx And somehow patented so that even Cuba can't make it anymore. Sooo ummm what time are we allowed to open up?0.o I mean, 8 pagi atu lapas tangah malam jua tu nyianta. Cuba tah detel2 buat praturan ani eh. HAISH. SO MAFAN. Imagine you're black but born in cuba, you decide to live in the US so according to this map you would be ethnically latino, but your race is black. A nice Cuban coffee a day keeps me happy. Without one i stay tired all day I don't think finding a Czech (or idk Cuban?) VPN is as easy as finding a US VPN so I think this can actually work. The strongest voice for invading cuba during that crisis was Bobby Kennedy.  What was his agenda? You apply here: http://incubator.duolingo.com/apply This is just ugly -- 5 dead total in Cuba and Pakistan. What's his face from silicon valley is in this?? The guy who owns the incubator Steve Ballmer. Former CEO of Microsoft, bought the Clippers once Sterling was forced to sell them. He pretty wacky and very emotional. Hes a peoples owner, kinda like Mark Cuban. Everyone loves him from what I have seen. thank you based cuban for saving us haha rockets fans must feel like we felt back in 07 watching cuban shit bricks on the sideline.  Can't say that we did, The Philippines make shoes and stuff for us now.

Or were you referring to Cuba? Damn Spaniards, luring us into adopting their unruly children... He's not like Cuban at all honestly. Cuban sticks his nose in bball operations way too much and makes far too many media comments. I mean it was parsons choice, its not like cuban put a gun to his head to sign the offer sheet Good there are plenty around the world are hell. They can go.
Why do you thing most cuban ex are hard right republicans. they know that Progersive leeds of socailism then communism. Cuban doctors aren't exactly compensated well. Long enough to know he won't do either of those things. Cuban started right away. I dabbed some of Cuban's stuff yesterday out here in MA, wonder if these guys realize how far some of their product travels sometimes haha Scuba diving! But there's definitely worse things to be addicted to. It's not overly expensive either, i got my open water and advanced for about £300 and it was some of the best money i've ever spent. Now i can dive anywhere in the world. You probably could with some scuba gear. No, but you sure as hell can find a few Iranian generals. Just because they didn't wave the American flag in Batista Cuba doesn't mean it wasn't under America's boot. Get SCUBA shit OP Have you played the "Howl of the Kubrow" quest yet?  If not, you will need to in order to get your incubator up and running in order to partake in all things Kubrow.

Happy Cake Day, by the way. If you have completed the Howl of the Kubrow quest there is a genetic foundry left of your arsenal. 

You start the incubation as random and then wait for the egg to hatch. After that you need to wait 2 server resets for your Kubrow to mature.  "Let's go to Cubao X!" -hipsters

(Incidentally, I'll be in Cubao X tonight) Went to Cuba and it blew my mind that I could buy a Redbull, a Coke and a beer all from the same machine. So naturally I did. I looked like I was headed to meet two friends for the next half hour.  Who is also elderly, Cuban and got aids from sharing needles. It's a sort of bar/club, seems more social than a club yet more dancing than a bar.

Do you think I would get in with the Adidas?

Here is their facebook page https://www.facebook.com/deCuba.Manchester/photos_stream Well we did just become friendly with Cuba and they have a great medical system... Wasn't typing, was channeling Rapid Incubation (level 7 talent); typing came post-death.

He probably have just run rather than doing even that though. Above water SCUBA would look pretty silly. &gt; Mark Cuban is the only person on that list the average person would know.

Wat? Larry Page and Sergey Brin? He also liked Lumia 920 and holds the opinion that Android &amp; WP are better than iOS on phones.
www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/15doqt/mark_cuban_this_is_my_ama/c7ljtlq Skate, fish, kit board, windsurf, scuba dive, make surfboards, fix dings, chase women, take drugs, get drunk. Seriously though, if it's flat for a month you gotta get away. Road trippin, go find them waves, chase the swells boy. SCUBA sucks, learn to freedive.  Cheaper, more bottom time, way fucking cooler. I understand, never scuba dived in my life but I speared thousands of fish and caught hundreds of crays. Dunno what came over me. Forgive me. It's a pun on Cuba's capital, Havana.  I'm sure OP could afford full scuba gear.   this was the best segment of first take I have ever seen. mark cuban ended skips validity for me. http://youtu.be/EEneggSHic4 I would much prefer to live in Cuba than Haiti, Jamaica, the Dominican Republic, or pretty much anywhere else in Central America.  Go to Cuba - their into showing off their coolness right now. God forbid you have to do it right after mine, but you forgot that cuba joined the FACC They've remade Liberty City and San Andreas, I do personally think Vice City is next but it won't be set in the 80s. It will probably be more 80s/early 90s themed with splashes of modern Miami and islands like Cuba/Jamaica.  I dont know about other mods adding sea life, but I know Mekinism has some good tools for underwater life - O2 extractor and air tanks for scuba suit.  Never got real far with Mariculture, always found some of its janky interactions limiting  And AccuBar was an iron made by tha Ram golf club company back in the 70's I believe.  A serious home recording studio with all the toys

Scuba gear for my entire family (with a boat to get places too)

A fleet of motorcycles for my entire family

 Such a boring, incorrect phrase they keep using. Do schools actually teach that Russia, China and Cuba weren't/aren't communist, or is there some sort of cognitive dissonance going on here.  If I remember correctly, I was born at 26 weeks also because I had umbelical cord problem. I weighed 1lb 11oz and was a month or 2 in an incubator. I believe I'm 18 now and I believe I turned out fine.  I would like to see Mark Cuban present the Houston Rockets with the Larry O'Brien trophy.  If it has to be a player, I'd like to see John Stockton on that stage presenting the trophy. (Edit) I still have a couple of Cuban Stocks that you sent me in the CWW last year. I may break one out for my graduation celebration smoke tomorrow - thanks for the reminder.  &gt;There is absolutely no good reason to not have normal diplomatic relations with Cuba.

More accurately, the reason why there hasn't been decent diplomatic Cuba/US relations is that it would tick off Cuban-Americans and lose Florida as a swing state. "With Kyuss receiving special medical care, the hospital bill has gone up to $20,000 and counting since he was admitted."

The baby is in an incubator. I can't imagine what the total would be by now if they were talking about the U.S. Cubana is a great place to eat and I second the afternoon tea idea. Ah yes, Cuba is the pinnacle of modern medicine and I'd be happy to be in one of their hospitals, said no one ever. Cuban Stock cigars are nearly all aged in a coffee factory, so there is some good pairing potential there. A picture is best but a (pre-visit) written description of top and bottom is also good if you don't have a digital camera.  The brighter the colour the easier they are to spot as well.

source: Police body recovery scuba diver. Cuba has some of the best doctors in the world. I don't understand why we lump ethnic Mexicans with ethnic Cubans.   They are entirely different cultures. boxing, fascism... sounds kind of like cuba Where real Cubans there?  We can scuba dive and explore the ancient ruins of Manhattan together! &gt; ...**les Québécois ne sont pas les seuls à être jugés inadmissibles. Les gens vivant à Cuba, en Iran, en Corée du Nord, en Irak, en Arabie saoudite, en Syrie et dans quelques autres pays reconnus comme étant répressifs sont aussi écartés.** Not sure what part if Florida you went to. In South Florida, its all about iced coffee and Cuban cafecito/cortadito I received some Awesome, Delicious flavors from sunny Florida on this rainy day in Ohio. Can't wait to try some of the Cuban delicacies:). Give /u/freckled_porcelain their AK! Thanks again!

Edit: perhaps multiple AKs? Almost enough fire for an army! I hear there is a ferry to Cuba now. Nicotine dumb nuts !

I don't smoke but I do like a door Cuban His name is cuban pete If this gets out, they won't let me scuba. And if I can't scuba, what am I working toward? All the good families left Cuba during the Castro regime. There aren't very many good Cuban cigars produced anymore. how is he going to be president when he's a cuban-canadian? sorta serious question because i'm sure you have to be born in america to run for president. Because, as everyone knows after the super bowl when the hand eggs are sufficiently incubated, they hatch open to reveal baby soccer balls. Some people get them really frequently. I get nose bloods sometimes when I scuba dive. It's an amazing feeling to blow it all out.  If you're ever in a predominantly Cuban neighborhood, stop in to a bakery and get a cafe con leche. Strong espresso, usually with added sugar and steamed milk. A great hot, sweet treat. And sometimes a Cuban is a Dominican, but there's no shortage of people trying to pass it off as a Cohiba.  Cuba actually has extremely advanced medical care. That's one thing they absolutely do right. They have a lot of hospitals and medical schools. Back in the Ebola Outbreak they were praised for their work in Africa.  Sorry man it's scuba Can't wait until this scene happens in Cuba. If Grandma can't scuba, then what's this all about? I wanted to keep the same number of stripes on the Cuban flag, but changed the stripes to the pan arab colors.  Added the crescent to the wedge.   Yep absolutely. Ashton, God of Fire, Julius Cesar, diamond crown, Casa Cuba, maybe more... ok, they're a decent selection, I was just going to suggest with that budget you could probably have picked up a 10-15 box of something cuban if you'd preferred. Either "Foundations of Leninism" by Comrade Stalin or "Socialism and Man in Cuba" by Che Guevara. Both are excellent You're right. I guess Carriles and two other guys' actions undermine the testimony of millions of people that Cuba is a shit-hole where only the political elite have rights. /s More West it's mainly own parties and logistics but i can recommend kongsfjord international scuba school.  Cuando fui a Cuba recuerdo un afiche al costado de la ruta bien grande que decía "Todo cubano debe saber disparar, y disparar bien". RE VOL UCIÓN TRE PI DANTE. I got my scuba license, spent a lot on high end gear, then met and married an in-land dwelling woman. Been out only once since then. 

It's a great hobby if you live coastal Nice to see people choosing Havana club. I've been to the the distillery in Cuba and its the only rum I drink now. North Korea , Cuba , Iraq, Somalia , Syria , Yemen, Vietnam , am I nailing this?  Your stay at the casa de ZZZrp comes with complementary toxic adventure scuba diving!   best in the game doing it right now.. cuban and his lady Mekanism has a gas mask and scuba tank, and that's mostly it specifically for the underwater theme. But its handy in many other ways. Buying a boat and going on an indefinite Scuba vacation. I honestly wouldn't want anything other than to hit every dive-spot there is.  Brilliant. So, the ones to blame for America torturing its detainees are Poland, Cuba, Yemen, and the British owners of Diego Garcia. I love the comment a little ways down on how China, Russia and Cuba actually implemented Capitalism.  He is also Cubano...he is down with the brothers. Wait, we call black people brothers right? But Latin people are brownish. Can't they be a bro? The Perhentian Islands in Malaysia are a pretty phenomenal place to disappear to for a couple of weeks.  It is fairly inexpensive, the scuba diving is great (not as good as the Red Sea, but still pretty awesome), and it is somewhat off the beaten path. Well, you have to be a special kind of douche bag to falsify your parents' history and pretend they were Cuban refugees to shamelessly and transparently pander to Florida's Cuban community. Cuba hopes to continue its peaceful and prosperous relationship with Venezuela well into the future. Interesting... How do they become "servants" of households/wizards? Is that magically sat. environ sort of a marketplace incubator?? You can't wait for Cubans to shout for the Soviets to get out of Cuba and to get rid of the hammer and sickle and for independence?  CUBA.  It is like going in a time machine they are actually pretty divided....young cuban americans are mostly for it and old ones are against it. Right, the ones who have a tally been to and escaped from Cuba hate Cuba and it's dictator led communist regime. Young people didn't see it first hand, but more importantly they don't vote.  I have often wondered if this move isn't designed to avert something akin to another Cuban Missile Crisis considering Russia's recent belligerence.  NO WONDER WE HAD TO REOPEN RELATIONS WITH CUBA.  ASYLUM FOR ALL THE BOTCHED PARTS OF TAMPA FANS/PLAYERS. Whaaaaaat?! I'm 26 and I thought they just smoked cuban cigars/ talked politics in there! Every war has attendant propaganda; this may well be that.
If they tell you the 'enemy' is bayoneting babies, or throwing them out of incubators, it just might be a lie calculated to make you support military action. I'm pretty sure the woman and the hospital were just playing a game of chicken. It's not like the baby was ready to go home anyway, being in the incubator. Im not sure you understand Cuba So what happens to you if you're SCUBA diving underwater between the centre and the shore?  
Do you get carried along all the way at 200mph+?
 did you hear about that lung cancer vaccine coming over from cuba?

get fucked cancer, Im never quitting now bruh. cuban and MJ care too Gorky 17 was amazing. And of course the great ancestor - Incubation. That was the best tactical game I ever played, sans UFO. Maybe even better than UFO, but without the strategic layer. cuba and america Cuba and russia I had to make a [version](http://i.imgur.com/tHIW5tv.png) too! Scuba's so cute! Adderall and nitrogen .. going scuba diving. Stims with EVERYTHING! I've heard Cuba actually has a pretty advanced medical system  I would love to go to Iran! Can I ask what country you are from? I am from the USA and it is difficult to travel to Iran but I believe there are ways to do it, educational tours or going thru another country first, kind of like Cuba.  I've never really had a problem paddling pit alone.   Maybe it's because I scuba dive a lot so I'm more comfortable in the water  and I've surfed alone a bunch.    But she won't remove obamacare and our Iran and Cuba deals Odd-looking font - it's like a Courier that's had too much to drink. But something like [Malihini Cuban](https://www.myfonts.com/fonts/btn/malihini-cuban-btn/) is a bit too wild for the job?  FYI: That species of mint is actually pretty hard to find. It's an authentic Cuban spearmint called Yerba Buena that was used way back in the day to craft the first mojitos. As someone from Canada... It makes me sad that planning a 1 week vacation near Banff would be more expansive than going 2 weeks in Cuba.  I mean aren't there supposed to be other companies still working in the Incubator too that we don't see?  It's not like we see that asian guy all the time, it is kind of a mystery house in that sense. The last thing Cuba needs is more laws that forbid the buying and selling of anything, for Christ's sake. Ironic to think that the US could lift the embargo, only to have the Castros reinstate it with more stupid laws. This is great - is it typically Cuban? Bourgeois propaganda. Life in Cuba is beyond perfect /s He's Cuban-American. That doesn't really help him with most Latin Americans.  Hmm, a Cuban-Canadian vs. a Texan in "who is more Texan?"...You make a good point. You need to go before congress and testify.  I personally think that the extreme premature babies should be allowed to die snuggled up in the arms of their mother, instead of in an incubator. Other correct answers include Morgan Freeman, Cuba Gooding Jr, Bill Cosby, and Danny Glover. Damn, I really thought this was scuba Steve from the thumbnail. It was a bit much, but if you like her blog, definitely check it out. It was a fast read while I was in Cuba. Let's get ALL the Cuban players! Is this the flag they are gonna fly when they invade cuba? Yeah, Incubation had this fatal flaw, it was more of a puzzle game than a context strategy. The Arturo Fuente Cubanitos I have are very peppery, but they are a real short smoke.  I want something that will take over an hour. &gt;Russia, China and Cuba didn't implement socialism at all. They implemented a form of capitalism regulated through a state mechanism


Wow, they didn't implement socialism at all. Not even a little. They were still fully capitalistic. Breaking: Red Sox annex Cuba, now own rights to all Cuban players  It'd be great if the game said what we were pointing at: "S0meCubanGuy points to Chest" or "S0meCubanGuy points to Randall the Vandal". [Whoa Jon's in Space Cuba](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hPVf6Rt0tU) You may not see him coming, many do not. But there he is, my weapon, my friend, ScubaSteve. The last words people speak, Damn you ScubaSteve.... Damn you.  If you don't know who is Sergei Brin, Larry Page, Marc Cuban, or some other billionaires on that page then you are stupid. Actors/actresses and musicians aren't the only people who can be famous. Going to Disney this weekend! Bringing a bunch of CCB Cubano Espresso for the hotel room :) It was a better choice than going to Chicago, Phil Jackson is gonna build a team around Melo similar to how Cuban got a team around Dirk Scandinavian Cuba? If you have to compare your country with Cuba or North Korea to feel good about where you live, you have a really fucked up country on your hands. No cyclists, no sex addicts, no gamblers, no scubadivers.


No bad credit scores, no drinkers, no gays, no religious people, no gamers, no smokers, no amateur sportsmen. * La Aroma De Cuba Mi Amor Reserva
* A.J. Fernandez New World 
* Tatuaje Petite Cazadores Reserva (you'll need a go-to quick stick since you'll be so busy with your big boy job)

Plus, another vote for [smallbatchcigars.com](http://smallbatchcigars.com) He's Cuban, and if there is anything Latinos hate, its Cubans.  Can you point out where exactly in my post I compared North Korea and Cuba to the United States? Cuba was forced to innovate or die. Humans can do amazing things when money is removed from the equation.  Actually, that's pretty inexpensive. There are very few breeders, and tree monitors are not easy to breed. Among other things, their eggs have to incubate for a very long time... just not like Cuban though. Mark Cuban is a dick. &gt; Look at the list of countries that still use the death penalty: Cuba

Actually, Cuba has not executed anyone in more than a decade. It still has death penalty on the books, but all the people on the death row were commuted to life in prison.

 &gt;*"Go live in Cuba or North Korea if you think it's so bad here."* - [/u/deleigh](http://www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/3629vv/nsa_chief_i_didnt_lie_to_congress_about_spying_on/craamky) &gt; Plus Bacardi!

No! Bacardi is actually Cuban in origin. Most boricua prefer Don Q instead. I've never seen TTC promoting anything different than itself or Cuba. Oh man, I was hoping he'd try harassing the torpedo ray (the instructor, that is).   

nearly positive this is the guy in question, and even if it isn't, he's the ceo.... 

http://scubaschoolsofamerica.com/about-us/our-staff-pages/our-staff/ 
 Mark Cuban is everything Americans love and hate about capitalism rolled up into one guy. Well... i didn't get cuba .-. This is preposterous! Why would Cuba release bandits so they can rape the country of its riches again? &gt; She laid them yesterday (and is quite pooped) so it will be about 2 months!

Yeah, that's a lot of work for her little body!

What do you use for an incubator?  Is it as simple as a box warmed by an incandescent bulb? Gee, I don't know, MAYBE BECAUSE IT IS A FUCKING SCUBA HELMET CREATED TO WITHSTAND FUCKING WATER PRESSURE I'm so glad that all that money raised for cancer research has finally paid off... despite the fact the Cubans never got a cent of it. cuban the real mvp of our offseason Cuba feels that they are no longer a threat to the stability of the Cuban democracy and as a merciful nation we have released them. I was drunk and complaining to my roommate how unrealistic that was. 

"You're fine with dragons, ice zombies, multi-year seasons, a shape-shifting man, but a disease with an hour long incubation period is where you draw the line?" 

"It is". If you had black haze aka Cuban black, or ft Collins cough then yes. Cuba also has great tobacco. Those little black nails are filled with Cohiba tobacco.  I didn't understand it. Were they in Cuba or something? The scary bit is that he may end up being the best of the republicans. He is certainly better than that Canadian/Cuban? Texan that we know of. Maybe I'll learn something this time and not leave the carpets in when going scuba jeep mode. Maybe. Cuba congratulates the Cook Islanders on their ascension to an independent state. I prefer the 'ol [scubaru.](http://i.imgur.com/nYsfBNn.jpg) My 3rd grade teacher was a bitch but brought duck eggs and an incubator. They hatched eventually. Cute little things ran around the classroom. One pooped on my backpack. Little fucker.  Cuba has [always supported](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Foreign_relations_of_Cuba#Irish_Republicans) a United Ireland. We will continue to hope for this in the future along with all true Irish. Rinse wash repeat. Daily anti Russia, Venezuela, Iran, Syria and North Korea propoganda. As in being forced to the top. Well at least the anti Cuban propoganda stopped. Some of my whitest friends are Cubans. Rightwingnuttiest too.  I just want to confirm that you guys don't have a Cuban who throws 102mph fastballs at players heads do you? They do! Their current political regime has valued healthcare for the commoner much more than the USA and has an excellent system. That is, until the USA "improves" relations with Cuba and destroys everything that actually works well over there.  I'd wait. You wouldn't buy a parachute or scuba equipment without training first... I'm not sure you understand the dynamic of our relationship with Cuba... They just want to open trade. I think they'll be deep in the cold ground before they let us effect their health-care policies.  差し替えた。

思いのままにリバーブを操ってしまう自分が、ついにこんなものまでを手足の延長に用いてしまったかと自分に問いかけさせる。

感覚的には小学生がファミコンのアクションゲームでキャラを物凄く上手く素早く操っているような様子。

cubaseが既にファミコンと化している。 With the embargo being lifted, Cuban gluten will soon be legal for import and trade.  However, in the meanwhile, this recipe is greatly appreciated. It's called a scuba or skater style dress. A-line and fit-and-flare are similar too, but more formal usually. Look for those styles on H&amp;M, Forever 21, etc. People make it to Florida from Cuba, that's 90 miles. Also, due to the curvature of the earth unless you're on a mountain you can't see 100km away. That is /r/Cuba, not /r/socialism  I don't think you know what Cuba looks like.. This is truelly great that the Cubans will continue their support of a United Ireland. We may seek closer relations in future. Cuba hasn't really been Russia's ally since the Soviet union fell. Kyoto-Japan,
Tulum - Mexico,
Chefchauen- Morocco,
Trinidad- Cuba.
I'm suddenly itching to travel again You don't use SCUBA to clean leaves out of pool drains?  Geez, I bet you don't carry a speargun either.  What if the Polaris pool vacuum comes after you?  Those are man eaters you know. Tens razão, houvi dizer que onde se vive mesmo bem é em cuba e na venezuela.  Nope. I get Him via Cuban and African avenues.

That being said, there are plenty of non-Brazilian folks who are involved in Candomble and have Exu. The Orisha/Orixa snag who they snag. Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights was originally a story called Cuba Mine, written by Peter Sagal. It was supposed to be a serious movie about the Cuban Revolution. He uses Cubase and is big on Native Instruments Komplete! I think for most of these mainly massive and battery. He can correct me if I'm wrong though! Source: I'm his brother. Hi Mark! fish or cut bait - Nah, you can be a fence sitter forever.
  
  You could get a surrogate mother to incubate when you're 80 if you want.
  
  Take your time.  :) *Cuba

FTFY Plot twist: foi pra cuba  You know like scubas Actually I was looking for a source saying the Cuban medical system is different then how I thought. I am aware the "cure"  is actually not a cure, and definitely not a vaccine.  Iceland, the Cuba of the North
 Well, first it was Dobermans, then it was German Shepards around the 80s, and then about the 90s they switched to Pit Bulls. Sadly, they went after all of them, not just the Cuban one. Take a look at one of their blog posts http://scubaschoolsofamerica.com/blog/2014/12/rebreather-training/. There is a guy happily holding a Lobster by it's antenna. What a bunch of bell ends. Note their upright students in the background. You mean the good scuba gear? I haven't used one, but I know them yeah. Found the cheapie that came with the Cuban Stocks. Opens up the possibilities  Ugh that's horrible. Yet we can't get that taken out because "WUT ABOUT THE NON EXISTENT BAYYYYBEEES? THEY ARE MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOUR HEALTH, INCUBATOR!" I heard if you fill a mason jar with nooch it'll incubate a baby just fine though Ah, the ol' reddit [scuba-roo.](http://www.reddit.com/r/WTF/comments/36325g/the_guy_actually_put_this_in_his_back_pocket/craita4?context=4) &gt;The US illegally annexed Cuban land and built a military base including a torture prison there.

Well that's just not true at all It's actually part non-profit, part latino business incubator. Special? most certainly not. Sadly they are fake.  

If you look on the bands of the 2001 Edition Limitada's the C in Cuba is pierced by the text. "The curve of the C enters crosses over the text. On an authentic band the curve stops at the C.   Damn I love me some fresh squeezed orange juice, luckily in Miami all the cuban bakeries have fresh OJ on the ready.   I did a Google search for the 2001 edicion limitadas and it also looks like they used a different band. Correct? I not Cuban much, but I Google okay. I'd be super keen for a reddit scuba sticker if anyone made them again: http://i.imgur.com/BjNCryJ.jpg

 http://www.floatingcubans.com/ How often do we see Cuban Lung Cancer spring up in other countries? Seriously, people, is it that big of a problem? Just curious, How big is the Cuban population in Florida? This website shows differently? http://www.cubancigarwebsite.com/brand.aspx?brand=Cohiba What about the picture on this website? It's close to mine than yours http://www.cubancigarwebsite.com/brand.aspx?brand=Cohiba Scuba (IIRC) refers to a specific type of fabric that feels sort of spongy (like a SCUBA suit) I like 'ruining your body' when all birth control has some kind of side effect. Blood clots, embedding, allergic reaction on and on. It does not matter if the IUD needed to get cut out as long as you can incubate a kid after. We went for a late lunch (~1:30 p.m.) on a weekday and it was nearly empty. No lines. Got to check out all the carts, market, and cafe. Cubano was good, spiced coffee was good, plantain sandwich was good, and we picked up some green chorizo to take home. Is that the love between a man and a woman, or the love of a man for a fine Cuban cigar? I am currently listening to a live stream of the MN orchestra playing in Cuba. first US orchestra to play in Cuba since 1999!! being an "ear-witness" to history!!  I'm sure by the time the young kids hit 80 there will totally be a way to do away with the surrogates and just incubate the babies in giant pods or something.  I'm using Cubase. Most of the chiptune sounds in this challenge were created with Massive. Ahh, love the Cuban. Cubanisto over here in the UK. And delicious; much better than Desperados or Corona. Italian and Cuban so! Haha no, is that a note on my red beard? Lol Cuban breakfast? dammit you fat cuban FUCK that commercial, man.  Fuck everything about it.  Gives me the goddamn heebie jeebies.  The dog, the deer, the old-timey scuba diver guy.  Eeeugh. Woo! Cuban Sandwich! [There have been cases of brain dead women being kept alive because they were pregnant.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/dec/19/dead-irish-woman-body-incubator-abortion) Scandinavia isn't full socialism.  It's capitalism with socialist reforms, really social democratic.  It's totally different than USSR, pre-reform China, Cuba, etc. I'd love a Jerry Maguire text-based adventure!

&gt;*You have her! Where you at?*

&gt;1. Goodbye

&gt;2. One moment

&gt;3. Hello

Or a point-and-click!


&gt;*Find the money! Show it to Cuba Gooding Jr.* One egg wasn't fertile and rejected, Uno hatched and there is an additional mystery egg that is incubating in isolation right now.  We'll have to see what happens with that one.   Brazil! Argentina. Costa Rica. Peru. 

CUBA! My mom is Cuban and she has a little black stone (I forgot the name for it) to pin to the baby's clothing to protect against the evil eye :) He was a professional player in Cuba. Yes, Banff does expand faster than Cuba.  Todd Cunningham and the Goose hit baseballs. we scored more. Stanton sent a baseball to Cuba. Our bullpen didn't completely implode. Teheran was average. umm... don't think I missed anything major... En effet ! Ça ou les vacances en République Dominicaine/Cuba/etc. Beaucoup de Québecois vont dans le sud pour les fêtes de Noël. The subreddit you're looking for is: r/cuba Incubator on Sesame Street? Yeah, that's going to end well. [M] is this the same armada you are trying to colonize Cuba with, because you are getting stretched pretty thin for a so new empire. Steve Cram was also shitting on Pirchardo's triple jump results from Cuba, inferring they weren't legitimate. Literally one minute later the guy jumps 18.06m before his very eyes. Good point.  Probably zero Cuban Americans in south Florida.  Read the chain of comments again.  You will see where you erred.  If not, send me a PM. Quero ver Cubalançar Is it confirmed the ball stopped in Cuba or a mere flyby? &gt; It's all Scott H.'s. He is an MLM who runs bannedthought.net and he's explaining to Bob Weil why the Stalin era was socialist but Cuba was not. 

My fault. I misread the opening and the summary on the page I got it from. Hopefully a revolution that ends with the expulsion of the bourgeoisie and Venezuela becoming Cuba 2.0 except with incredible natural resources.  Don't be dismayed just yet, I was in Central America and smoked some fantastic fake Cubans.  Yea..... nah.

Remember that time when Russia tried to station missiles in Cuba? 

Lets just keep our nukes to ourselves. OK? Ok. [&gt;Are those Bugle Boy Jeans you're wearing?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSCuBANoaLc)

ftfy /u/TrollAbot cubanjew Immobile... boyancy. They're at an equilibrium like a fish or scuba  diver that stops kicking. SCUBA STEVE DAMN YOU! Hey man, not too long ago I started a youtube channel and i saw that u were looking for people to play with, u seem like a cool guy, let me know if ubare interested or just add me on steam, my username is THATCUBANDUDE, im also in central time  No. Because it's manipulating search results and rankings to cast one specific country in a bad light. That's the point. This is a daily barrage, non stop...But I am sure you noticed how anti Cuba posts and articles suddenly miraculously disapeared. Yeah good luck with that...there's like a 2 year waiting list to just volunteer with a scuba cert. Your best bet would be the Tennessee aquarium in Chattanooga. Their wait is only like a year Roosevelt led a small cavalry regiment dubbed "Roosevelt's Rough Riders" into Cuba during the Spanish-American war in 1898. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rough_Riders  I successfully train and prepare US troops for the invasion of Cuba and the overthrow of Castro. incubator babies Oh fuck. The image of the two SCUBA divers swimming past the submerged skyscraper. It terrifies the poop from my pants yet I can't stop staring at it.  [Excuse me, are those Bugle Boy jeans that you're wearing?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSCuBANoaLc) Gavin Belson: RICHARD HENDRICKS WAS ABLE TO BUILD THIS IN A TECH INCUBATOR! WITH A LAPTOP!

Brogrammer: Well, I'm Sorry. I'm not Richard Hendricks CME-Abroad offers Continuing Medical Education Abroad Programs to Cuba, Turkey, Malaysia and Thailand. We integrate US Science and Medicine with the world. I never saw an anti-Cuba post anyway. I'm not American.  it's not like that in Cubase. Cubase has this built in so that you can use cubase sound and youtube at the same time.. In my opinion it's a missing function in ableton Yeah, we're gonna need additional proof you were in Cuba last week.  &gt; Broadcast.com

Mark Cuban laughing all the way to the bank. That would be hilarious if they were imported from the DR to Cuba.  It started in the early 90s, and it's pretty much the genre of cuba these days, yeah

EDIT: So I'll uh, let you know when I actually have a band! I've only been here two weeks so far, and forming a band isn't the speediest activity. Ha, that reminds me of the first time I found a cocktail shaker in the back of my old mans pub.

Queue mass explosion of spiced rum, coke and lime all over my face (a cuban was still a cocktail back then in my town) The history of scuba diving. (...?) Not just that - the tree painted on the wall, the Cuban band throughout the film. It was all masterful. Absolutely magical! Odd Miami still voted for Obama. Guess there are more then just Cuban's in Miami. Turn into a cuban bear or become one. I think Anthony Bourdain did a show in Cuba that discusses this... Back in the 80s many young men were actively trying to get AIDS as it represented (what they thought was) the true punk rock spirit. [M] The first Spanish settlers didn't go to Cuba until 1511. "...and finally, premature newborns will no longer be allowed to access incubation services until they've been paying into the system for at least 2 years. A Conservative government built on basic fairness for all." TIL Mitt Romney is Cuban.   Iced mocha and a Cubano! I love that it's Cubano season--Bartlett Square has one as a special too and I've been meaning to try it. No it doesn't, look at the C in Cuba on the upper part.  The tail looking part should not cross into the middle of the C IMDB Cuba Gooding Jr

Uh, show me the money?  Oh shit yeah I just watched that Netflix movie Chef about a Cubano food truck last night.  I guess I am having sex with "Cuba".  Well neither team really needs more bats but lately boston has been stockpiling talent no matter the position to potentially use in trades later. They signed a cuban 2b yesterday, he isn't anywhere near all-star level but he makes for good depth. It's a long time considering they are next door neighbors. More the point is that relations with Cuba have finally improved enough to allow this sort of thing. Los Frikis 

Edit: It's a really great episode (but all Radiolab episodes are great IMO). I had no idea that happened in Cuba. You can listen to it [here.](http://www.radiolab.org/story/los-frikis/)  I can find socialists that still justify the violence. You are playing no true socialist. It also happens constantly including Venezuela and Cuba. Not just an Old World thing.  If you look up @cubangrow on instagram. He uses teabags off amazon. If you look at his bags and scour amazon youll find them. Trying to find the bookmark... It all will, there is a lot of issues for US right now. The TTP deal is not going, Syria is stale, Iran is winning, Saudi are going crazy, Israel is letting them down, Cuba won and domestic failure is even bigger.  Just like how Russia was right on Finland, the Baltics, Poland, Hungary, Czechoslovakia, Romania, Bulgaria, Yugoslavia, East Germany, China, North Korea, Greece, Cuba, Albania, Latin America and Afghanistan? :) Cuban sandwich style lettuce wraps sound delicious. I'd rather live in a communist shithole like cuba than a theocratic shithole like Saudi Arabia &lt;sarcasm&gt;

   Pff... Guantanamo's in Cuba!


&lt;/sarcasm&gt; Some good documentary films on Cuba are [Fidel Castro: The Untold Story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0lcm7MtPpk) and [Cuba: Defending Socialism, Resisting Imperialism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxFPZaurHZA) TCP ^^^eww ^^^girl ^^^you ^^^nasty

Great haul brother! I too just got some Cuban Stock in (a friend hooked me up!) too! I can't wait to try them and I hope they are delicious! 

&lt;3 he still hasn't done much, although he does deserve a bit of credit for cuba I love the design of the Cuban coins, and this is a very nice example of a Veinte Centavos.  Just so you know, those cigars are fake. Real Cohibas, like most Cubans, do not and have never come in boxes with glass covers. I keep Don Pepin Garcia Blue and Gran Habano Corojo Vintage 2002 stocked at all times along with boxes of cubans, not only because they are cheap but they are consistently constructed and good. It's expensive because they are not easy to catch, and are not large. The largest Lionfish will get you a pound, maybe a pound and a half of fillet. And they have to be caught one by one using a spear while scuba diving.  When Jobu has a Cuban on the team. Maybe it's because Cubase comes with its own asio driver &gt;I just got hard.

This just in, Tsunami warning in Cuba! Seriously, everyone always talks about bunch but everyone forgets the $4 plate of eggs, bacon, Cuban toast and Cuban coffee at your local Cuban bakery. Mm.  Seriously. What the hell is that?

But at least I finally have the recipe for a Cuba Libre. If only they'd list Vodka Tonic Spash of Cranberry then I could be a real "party animal." I conquered Belize, Yucatan, Hispaniola, Cuba, Ecuador, Venezuela, and Columbia. No. 5 I realize there are other areas with a higher percentage. Miami is basically Cuba with capitalism. I just went with the bigger number. Give it up Mike ... while you do have a point, it doesn't benefit from your ego stroking and trolling, just as you and Mike Barnett (aka "Barney") used to do on &lt;rec.scuba&gt; to try to make yourselves feel superior to everyone else.   &gt;  Iran is winning

What?

&gt;Cuba won

Won what? What are you talking about? What is Iran "winning" and what did Cuba "win" that wasn't 60+ years ago? This blogger has lots of "do-it yourself" gear tips and instructions. As I explore his many many posts, I may share some other helpful posts in the coming weeks. A buddy and I fully intend to make ourselves each a Cuban Fiber backpack! Fuck. That. One of the big reasons I'm CF is because I like to have an egalitarian relationship. My SO and I are equals, she's not an incubator. Between that and the Spanish rice (I'm Cuban, mind) I had palpitations. You deserve this knife, man. Cuba.  Hispaniola is glad to see that Cuba is helping their citizens get wellfare and healthcare

[M] BTW we should hold an FACC meeting I like Nick Woodman as a shark! Wouldn't mind seeing him a couple times a season.

Also, let's just add that Nick Woodman is actually the wealthiest one up there (depends heavily on GoPro's share price, but right now, he's still wealthier than Mr. Cuban) Cuba  Yesterday's was Cuba. This one went further I don't know about the incubation period, but you should be alright. She most likely didn't have any of the particles on her anymore so there wasn't anything to pass on you. And if you washed your hands well, you should worry even less. ;) Well, the soviet union doesn't exist anymore and NK is a joke. Cuba is stuck in the 50's/60's. China is the only one still around and doing well. And capitalist slavery? Not sure of the last time I saw a slave in America, think it was in the 1800's One strange this about traveling to countries as an American, we are allowed to go to Cuba but we can not fly out of an American airport. You would first have to travel to Canada to board a plane to actually get there ! Yeah I had Hispaniola and Cuba, but every time I went to war with Mexico for the Yucatan the USA would always peace out without giving me anything I had an absolute blast with these guys:
http://www.stcroixscuba.com/

Where are you staying on the island?  We did like 19 dives with them and enjoyed it tremendously.

 Places like Cuba and Venezuela have their merits, same with the other vaguely socialist countries in South America

 Cubans are thrilled their country is militarizing. The government even finds another 300 Million Dollars of funding. Is asking but ignoring any better than not asking, though?

Because formalities aside, Cuba was for all intents and purposes an American colony up through the 1950s, and a damned heavily-exploited one at that. Yeah, sure. I mean Cuba's military wouldn't have been strong enough to counter an US-American invasion. The Soviet military however.... Iran is getting better terms at negotiations about nuclear deal and Cuba sanctions been lifted by US. The US approach has been shown to be wrong. I think Gavin and hooli are more composites of valley and tech company stereotypes.  I know there have also been similarities drawn between Peter Gregory and Peter Theil, and Russ Hanneman and Marc Cuban. Azerbaijan has 100 T-55 tanks that we are willing to sell for $500,000 each. Cuba may also purchase any fine [weaponry produced in Azerbaijan](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ministry_of_Defence_Industry_of_Azerbaijan#Current_production) Yes, but you think the Soviets would have nuked us if we invaded Cuba? For what? That's it, the Russians would have ended the world because the US invaded an Island 90 miles off its coast? I don't think so. If you want the mods trick to work, run a mission after beginning incubation and then check your mods. There is a [UN arms ban](http://www.un.org/sc/committees/1533/) on the Democratic Republic of Congo and therefore its successor Malaba. We request that the Cuba cancels this deal immediately. Wasi Kuba, Washi Cuba, Wazzy Corba whatever it is called. A mini version would look awesome in there. &gt;99% Mexican

Wow, that seems statistically improbable. Are you sure there weren't any Cubans, Argentinians, Chileans, Hondurans, Guatemalans, Puerto Ricans, Nicaraguans, or even Americans of Hispanic descent? Not one? Amazing. Your second image clearly shows that in 1959 the US easily could have taken Cuba without concern of a serious Soviet response I like to see movies, travel, play board games, do fun things like caving or scuba or white water rafting. You? Actually off to see one now so I might not respond for a bit.  Will it make it easier for Cubans to get to the USA? I heard that they get handed citizenship if they set foot on US soil. Actually slicker than I expected. Nice work! You really should get that source on GitHub though, I'm about as likely to download a random zip file as I am to go scuba diving in lava.
 [M] Yeah, I knew you had lots of T-55's, just didn't know if you wanted more. Azerbaijan makes some UAV's if you want, or new Azerbaijani made AK-74M's, which are more modern than what Cuba has now. Dam son three scubas  *dutch


But they're just German scuba divers anyway  Look at the Dominican Republic and Haiti, strong Western allies with capitalist economies.

Ah, much higher rates of poverty than Cuba, rampant malnutrition, both are considered developing by the UN and Cuba is considered developed.  It is a federation with El Salvador, myself and Cuba in it right now. We're planning to hold a meeting soon. What a disgusting piece of shit.

Hey guys I have a joke for you:  

Q:  What kind of guy wants to marry a boring woman whose only ambition is to be an incubator?  

A: The kind who wants a slave, not a partner. I met a Cuban Uber driver in Miami who complained about fellow immigrants not learning English, especially fellow drivers.  /u/augustskies jealous he isn't in Cuba enjoying an esplendido and mojito. Enjoy yourself man and have a good time! Indeed, he seems to be much more politically active than his predecessors. While this might have some pros (Easing of the cuban embargo), I fear we might begin to discover cons.  Dr. Cuba :D I was thinking about that same fact during this video. I was hoping they would mention it but they didn't. So is Cuba another country that the State Department wouldn't suggest traveling to or is it just an extreme oddity? Any Stephen Starr restaurant in Philly. Recommend the Continental (casual/delicious food, very small portions), Alma de Cuba, or Morimoto (very expensive). The scuba fight, the chickenpox, the shit on the beach, his brothers kid shitting on his wall.....all lies. 

 This would be an amazing spot for some epic pranks using deepwater SCUBA gear and some massive tentacles. He would have no clue what TOR is..He's an 80 year old crazy Cuban lol...I'm going to give a shot now..I really want to get this done &amp; start learning..Thanks for all your help &amp; advice..Much appreciated.. If it was a legtimate pregnancy then she wouldn't have been stuck in jail there are mechanisms in the human body that when it discovers its pregnant and in jail it shuts down the entire system and puts the baby in incubation Cuba? He can see Cuba from his house Technically the US is closer to Russia than to Cuba. "Shoot coward, you are only going to kill a man."  
- Che Guevara, Marxist revolutionary and leader of the Cuban revolution.

The thinking behind his words was that he would die, but his ideals would live on; "you are only going to kill a man." I'm thinking the people they are being friendly to, are the scuba tour guides that come to the same spots everyday and have interaction with the same animals every day.  Otherwise these people are just plain ballsy. India, North Korea, Australia, Cuba, Hawaii.  &gt; I can't wait until we have incubators for human fetuses. That will probably end the abortion debate.

Yes, because then it will be about spending tax dollars, and Republicans will have no trouble turning those machines off on that account. Cuba Libre is where I got the idea. Everything tastes better in Dr. Pepper anyway The Cuban Missile! I believe it's OOH WHOO DOO DOO SCUBA DOO I think that is Pokeweed, and some Acuba. I'm taking scuba and weight lifting over the summer. You could look into the PHIN classes. Ophidian incubation is an extremely unreliable method, however, because of how difficult it is to acquire the scrolls/pouches and summoning potions. In my experience if the buy limit doesn't get you, the extremely small market will.  Scuba sunrise, quite pleased with mine  I saw this at Sundance and I really liked it. I also talked to Kris swanberg later about CIA planted underground rappers in Cuba. It was a good day, overall. I don't think Americans understand Cuba is already big for tourism. The 40 story hotels are already there, just for mostly Europeans and Canadians I'm on break. I'm President of the Incubators Guild Local 312. I contracted a girl that ended up getting Derrick Rose and Patrick Kane injured.  Either it's a typo, or you're Cuban. Either way :D [I believe each Puerto Rico, Cuba, and the Philippines have a small navy and garrison, and transports carry many less men now, right?] I know, I know.

I have the incubator page bookmarked, and I check it daily. But maybe the Norwegian team knows something we don't. My girlfriend is in Cuba right now. I'm insanely jealous. But she's bringing me back 10 R&amp;J wide Churchills. so I'm ok with it. Hope you're having a good time man.  Cuba wishes for more research to be done into the drug before starting another pointless war on drugs. Regulation but not illegalisation seems best. More specifically...the Cuban Missile Crisis is the pinnacle of the Cold War. I love me some good, ole fashioned, missile crisis.  Cubane over here, That scuba statistic can't be accurate, since people have dived to the titanic wreck. I read that the US sends a rent check every year thar Cuba never cashes.  Elmore Leonard's westerns are great.  *CUBA LIBRE* and *HOMBRE* are my favorites.  Cubano's are delicious! While I understand your sentiment, the Holy See does have a lot more diplomatic pull than you might expect. They are often brought in as moderators and the like. The US-Cuba thaw was in part due to the Holy See's catalytic capacity for diplomatic talks. A [cuban](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_sandwich).  Guys, we found Cuban's account. Do an AMA!  https://www.facebook.com/lloyd.cubacub?fref=ts * [Dirty Shirley](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UfRy80_IyqA)
* [Doctor of Journalism](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gche2AB_2us)
* [Cuba Libre](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUzPrWqZTbo)
* [Coquito](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20iz451jP-0) Post Independence Day weekend; I guess I'll have to get it organized again in Ortigas/Cubao unless someone tells me they'll take the point this time. Cuban cigars aren't that great. They only have that reputation in the US because their a 'forbidden fruit' so to speak. No tobacco sucks, but I would try some Cuban cannabis Uh, no, the last time this made news was when they turned a brain-dead woman into a baby incubator against the wishes of her family. Bunting, Cuban bunting everywhere. [But you just paid 25 for them a week ago didn't you?]( https://www.reddit.com/r/cubancigars/comments/356ysb/anyone_want_to_split_a_box_of_bolivar_petit/) Well, they were one of the first cigars that I ever smoked (them and Quorum's and Cuban Rejects). Of the three they are the best. I haven't gone back but I still have one in the humi. Not a terrible cigar, just much better for the price Soon we're gonna have floridians desperately escaping florida on makeshift rafts to Cuba. I don't know if they are a super power but I will take Cuba. The larger countries like USA, France, Russia, etc. Seem like a lot of work to run. &gt; The fact

Other than the current holder (Cuban), the world record for highjump has been held [almost exclusively by white people since 1961.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Men%27s_high_jump_world_record_progression)

 Most scuba diving deaths happens whilst on the surface... I have a 11L scuba tank, with a filling station. When I'm out of air, I pay my local fire department or scuba store to fill it. :-)  Okay, I'll ask next time, but

&gt;conditions not warranting this.

I'm a little confused by this. This is exactly what happened irl. Castro flees to Cuba in 1955 and returns to Cuba in 1956 to start the Revolution. Why is it not warranted? "Si tout le monde travaille pour l'état demain matin on est devenu la Corée du Nord ou Cuba"

Lol quoi? apparently Cuba is skimmable :)

[vid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EPKkwrp4uY) Those mech suits remind me of Wernstrom's reverse scuba suit. White cis privelage is strong in you. As a Muslim Afro-Cuban gender fluid pan-sexual I believe assuming a person's anatomy is pure bigotry

I'm just playing with you lol More people in NZ die playing Lawn Bowls than Scuba Diving

Source: http://www.buzzfeed.com/jemimaskelley/things-you-did-not-know-about-new-zealand#.oi1Z3pRVND I can't believe Cubans are that short Nice! I haven't been to any reddit meet-ups. On a scale of 1-10, how awkward would it be for a quiet, introverted type? Haha. Anyway, commenting so I'll remember about this. :)

Edit: Cubao area is fine with me.  I think you mighta missed the [reference](http://probasketballtalk.nbcsports.com/2015/04/17/mavericks-owner-mark-cuban-theres-no-more-predictable-team-than-the-rockets/) He's a Cuban poochie the dog  Scuba! Yeah it was short as fuck.

I wish they made more missions like scuba diving or some shit.  I'm so glad this was the only comment reply.  Scuba is such a perfect name for that cat.  I'm guessing most Cubans want the base returned.

I'm guessing most Americans do not care about relinquishing the base? Or do they care? Imagine all young cubans playing on US east servers ayy caramba There's nothing "free trade"ish about our dealings with the Middle East or Cuba or anywhere else. Fuck off, communist pig dog.  It's super ghetto. Full of cubans, mexicans, and haitians. If you make her cum, it will be like a tuna-flavored Niagara Falls... bring scuba gear and a safety-line Don't lie- you busted for Cuba, didn't you? There was a similar situation in Cuba, until the Cubans rose up and overthrew the US puppet dictator. Obama has normalized relations with Cuba and is well on the way to doing the same with Iran, so I guess you're happy about that, right? dunno what you're really going for or how formal an event this'll be, but [croquetas](http://www.dcubanos.com/rinconcuba/croquetas-de-jamon) are my suggestion for bite-sized and minimally messy food. We congratulate Mr Allen and hope he leads Cuba's maritime neighbour to the south through good times. Am I the only one who like Mark Cuban? lol They call me Cuban Pete! That's myself so I can help, Industries Cuba Chinos  Ah yes the cuban(?) anole.  To me, it's nothing more than class warfare. It's old. It's tired. It's been done for centuries in many nations. None more successfully than in Russia or China. Maybe Cuba or North Korea. Her name is Mary Jean she's Cuban I think. &gt; or die from lung cancer

They should give Cuba a call. Ya, in the end the good news is we weren't responsible for any charges. Does T-Mobile have to pay any money to the Cuban carrier, though? Im sending a ton more troops than I did historically..... Well, if you cut off the Yucatan part, would Cuba still be fine?  Wow, so aggressive. Scuba44 said to not tap out vs control, which is the problem I had with his reasoning. We'll turn to Russia lol, and then you'll be all alone with your beloved Cuba and Israel. I don't know how to tell my mother I think I have depression. I come from a heavily influenced cuban heritage were depression just ISN'T a thing. I feel she will either laugh and tell me it's part of growing up or brush it off. What do I do? Well, they made alliances with dictatorships like South Vietnam, Indonesia, Cuba, Iran (after they installed their puppet), Brazil, and a dozen more. The smoke was different than any cuban I've tasted. It was alot more spice than I was expecting. The wonky burn was because of the wind. Haha, I wish. No, I'm going on a school trip scuba diving and me and a few friends are bringing are laptops. It would only be local as well, not online.  &gt;your beloved Cuba

We don't love Cuba, we just don't want the Russians to have it. First you must learn MatinLuther King and how it's all your fault. Then you can learn about Cuba.....and how it was your fault about enslaving them because of 45 years of sanctions. it is a reference to a friend of his, another Guam based practitioner, Lloyd Cubacub Cool. Start pronouncing these words in the following ways then

* SCUBA is now 'scubba' not 'scooba'
* USA is now 'yoo-ess-ah' not 'yoo-ess-ay'
* NATO is now 'nahto' not 'nayto'
* AIDS is now 'ah-ids' not 'ayds'
* AAA is now 'ah-ah-ah' not 'ay-ay-ay' Every time my head of government visits Saudi Arabia and then 2 weeks later whines about Cuba's human rights record I puke in my mouth a little who da fk r u bitch niqqa. cuz I knoe u aint talkin 2 me liek dat wit a name liek scubasteve0281 lmao. If our trade with the Saudis and US investment in Cuba pre-revolution don't constitute "free trade", then nothing does.  Your argument basically boils down to "If government exists, free trade doesn't". Normalization with Cuba reduces Russia's influence in that nation. The *past* approach might not be entirely appropriate but the current trend is promising.  Yay Im cuban SCUBA. Usually, it's pronounced scoo-ba, but if you go by the first letters, it becomes scuh-bah.  My dad is Cuban and he left Cuba to live in Mexico where I was born. 
My mom says the first time my dad saw a market he cried and gained like 60 pounds in a month. Cuba has not the best doctors in the planet. Do you honestly think you can replace the fine aroma of a hand-rolled Cuban cigar? If anyone is looking for the Best Cuban Sandwiches in the world then one has to visit Tampa Bay. The more rundown the place the better the sandwhich But is it made by real Cubans? If interested, you should create an account and apply to create an English-Welsh course for Duolingo.  http://incubator.duolingo.com/ Those also make great bacterial incubators and distributors. I think the real question is, is it made OF real cubans? are just those cheap imitation cubans The skills and trick of Cuban people, but with the US grocery system behind them? Unstoppable force!  What happens when an immovable object teams up with an unstoppable force? Dank ass cuban sandwiches  You mean those baby incubators? /s Paging /u/superalbertn7, /u/theoddcuban, /u/mailorderoctopus Cuba. Vietnam. Good luck having people understand you when you talk about SCUBA diving with AIDS You actually think Cuba worked? That it isn't authoritative? Really? Explain people risking their lives in boats to the US and the wet feet dry feet policy. It's not really Mexican pocho though. It's more of a Puerto Rican or Cuban thing.  AIDS is pronounced OIDS as in "autoimmunodeficiency syndrome".

SCUBA is pronounced scubbah as in "self-contained underwater apparatus".

Oh wait, that's stupid as hell. I took the so for her discover scuba dive and she got to see 5 sharks, 3 rays, turtles, eels and tons of fish. I explained that not every dive was going to be quite like that. We got her certified shortly thereafter.  It's not the off season yet we can't be wasting these questions. The real question however is how much would he make if he had to wear crocks and a scuba suit while balling in China? Cuba Libre! Tampa, or more specifically Ybor City, is the birthplace of the cuban sandwich. That's why they're the best there... because that's where they were first made! It doesn't sound like you know a lot about Cuba. Try /r/communism101 I've been scuba diving there it's around 30 meters deep lol &gt;  If I don't have kids, even to adopt them, I am somehow a bad black woman.

Well then they're racist assholes. You're a person, you're not an "incubator for the race"... some guy did the same thing over in Germany a few decades back. 

 Yeah having the [Cuban Hermes](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090404192610/gtawiki/images/7/7d/CubanHermes-GTAVC-front.jpg) would really help it out. I can't get over how obnoxious he is about it. You can tell Mark Cuban is throughly annoyed.  just two weeks? Cuba! One of my friends went to Cuba last summer with the UND choir. She had a great time down there.  I went to the travel section of the library and picked up the first book I saw.  That day I found out I was going to Cuba.  It was amazing!!!

Also the feeling you have is fernweh.  It means far sick, longing to be somewhere far away  If you haven't seen it, check out *Thirteen Days.* Absolutely the best treatment I've seen of the Cuban Missile Crisis.

Kevin Costner's "Bahh-stun" accent though ...  Or the DR, or Cuba, etc etc The Cuban Missile Crisis and the surrounding assassination ideas by the U.S. Surf, scuba... (Insert something cool) instructor.  Um classes are the cheapest, but its cuban/casino salsa. Iveyet to find a non-cuban salsa class in miami Yeah but he's like Cuban and not even real Cuban. Plus Marco sounds white enough and Rubio reminds me of Ruby Tuesday's steak house which is a definite plus. Are actual Cubans posting on /r/trees? Thanks, Obama. 

Dope car BTW. I just drink straight espresso. Most efficient caffeine to volume ratio, and a good espresso is delicious.

Also a Cuban coffee or machiato is a good choice too. [M] I'm sorry but just no. Spain didn't get all of Cuba until 1512. The Ottomans are expanding A-historically aswell, I'm sending far more troops to Cuba than I did historically.  Well there's no way you get all of Cuba right now. Doesn't Mark Cuban own the Dallas Mavericks?? It's only mentioned every show. "Yes, Cuban B." Yeah that's a static of Scuba Scuba diving is le beste  Men hujedamig! Bara för att ta en ur högen:
"Hopefully a revolution that ends with the expulsion of the bourgeoisie and Venezuela becoming Cuba 2.0"

De gillar verkligen inte att människor lever. Alls.
 SELF CONTAINED UNDERWATER BREATHING APPARATUS.

UHN-DER-WA-TER.

"UH" NOT THIS "OO" CRAP.

I DON'T CARE IF THE CREATOR WANTED IT SAID DIFFERENTLY, LANGUAGE CHANGES BASED ON HOW PEOPLE USE IT AND HOW WE ADAPT IT TO OUR SOCIETY.

SCUBA. SCUH-BA. I'm probably one of those people, but did Bush ever do anything such as ACA or re-establishing trade with Cuba?  How do you pronounce SCUBA? I say scoo-ba, but maybe other places say it differently. Anyway, since it's an acronym for self-contained underwater breathing apparatus, by your logic it should be pronounced scuh-ba since the u is for underwater. Well that's just it. They care more about a clump of mucus than the woman carrying it. She's just a vessel. An incubator who deserves no say over her life.

GOP : Unborn crotchspawn &gt; woman Already happened to Carlisle once in Detroit... When Larry Brown was avaliable, Pistons let Carlisle go.

They got a ring out of it but seemed really shady the way they did it. I  doubt Mark Cuban would do the same. Go ask around at the Harry Bailey, they do SCUBA stuff there sometimes, they'd probably know. I can't remember the organization that did it but they always do it at the HB.  Yessir.

I even read books, manga, watch anime, and treat politics and history with wrestling references.

It's a lot of fun when you talk about Batista turning heel in Cuba.  Except you're not really debunking the rest of his point, like NATO and SCUBA, which are legitimate examples and closer to the main argument - that there is no fixed rule that you pronounce the sounds the letter stands for.  In Cuba there's a line for absulotely anything, in the exact same manner that you described. It's amazing there's a word to describe such an abstract emotion and I hope you had a great time in Cuba it's definitely up there on places to go. Don't make a bet you can't win. But i'm sure in time the ~~cubaneses~~ russians will just forgot about those and go on with their lives :) Unless you're getting fresh eggs it won't be a problem. Further someone who has chickens for just eggs would more than likely keep the rooster out. Also if they aren't incubated the chick won't form.  Iran wasn't against the USSR until you made it against the USSR.

In some cases, like Cuba, you were so awful towards its people that you actually made the USSR more desireable. we need a cuban :c And Israel funded the operation while Cuba supplied the doctors.   Which style of white rum? Light English Style? Heavy Wray &amp; Nephew's-esque Jamaican style? Green-note-filled Agricole? Mid-way Cubanesque? Cubanacan HR Sublime. I always tell myself I want to make sure I have enough time to sit down and enjoy it, so I end up grabbing a cheaper stick.  Im into powerlifting, strongman, and street hockey (no ice around here). Would like to try scuba diving.  Cuban breakfist with the ribby! fuck yeah!  ###CUBAN FUCKIN' BREAKFAST Now serving:

##Cuban Breakfast ATTABOY CUBAN BRUNCH! That would be like saying Cuban life isn't a culture...it sure the fuck is. Damn youuuuuuu scuba steve! 

2 mins too late. 

Here. Just take them [all](http://imgur.com/tcJvIv1.jpg) scuba is amazing but if your raising a heart beat your doing it worng :) White and cuban ... There also was Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Phillipines Galaxy S4  
  
Romeo glasses  
  
Offbrand Chinese bi fold wallet  
  
Swatch Scuba  
  
NFC Tag with my number, mail  
  
Victorinox small multitool  
  
Knife I got from my late grandfather. Well, they bring in some topsoil, plant some shrubs and make a lake out of it. Then people can use it for scuba diving. I knew we could count on Cuba Gooding Jr. for more than just an oscar winning performance.   At least he's still not as annoying as Cuban I scuba dove a cenote once. I wanted to turn around about 800 times. Fun fact: I went to Cuba in February and not a single person knew what a Cuban Sandwich was :-( Since nobody has muskets anymore, they should start putting Cuban cigars in their cherkesskas. Looks like a scuba diver.  five- Mexico, Hispaniola, Panama, Cuba, and El Salvador I spent mine in Fernando de Noronha and definitely recommend. I would get a scuba license such as PADI beforehand , since that's a world class scuba destination. I was surprised how the food is delicious there.

http://i.imgur.com/jejvViqh.jpg Science is hard, here i was thinking that it was my lunges that helped give me buoyancy. But nope, its just my fat.  


thin privilege is not needing weights to go scuba diving.  

  #Marc Cuban how does Morey's ass taste. 


Yeah i know we are playing the Clippers but fuck the mavs I got nothing against the cuban salsa mind you, i was in salsa craze 2 years, its just not the same as colombian salsa dancing. Casino has alot more emphasis on group dancing &gt;these worms can grow to sizes of nearly 3 m (9.8 ft) in some cases

Right there.  Reason #945 why I'll never scuba dive again. Except america just saved the whole world.

More seriously though, a lot of american travel was limited to the Caribbean region, so that kind of stayed there. Cuba was bad though. Can they buy beer on Sundays in Communist Cuba? How do you pronounce SCUBA? I like shoe connection on Cuba street, but I think they stopped doing their sale table....  Direct investment is not possible without the two parts agreeing to it. One part is Cuba, which doesn't allow it. I won't force them. Travel to Cuba and live on the beach while learning Spanish  Cuba? Scuba Steve!  I'd pick Cuba before I pick Puerto Rico. Filling tanks isn't cheap you either need a compressor or buy big scuba tanks to fill your smaller tanks.  Cubanos, Ruby Tuesdays, all you can eat breadsticks and salads... this thread is delicious. ROCKETS GOING TO THE WEST FINALS! let the haters take some of that mmm.

hey cuban, rockets are not a very good team headed huh bitch? http://i.imgur.com/9nFHNmX.jpg Cuban is a class act, respect Real recognize... well, good for Cuban.  Jamaica, Cuba, or Canada. He's referencing Mark Cuban (Owner of Dallas), who said that before almost getting swept.

We're better than the Cavs, for sure. Atlanta have looked far worse than us in the post-season. Buying a scuba tank and fill station will likely be your best bet. [They call me Cuban Pete!](http://imgur.com/gallery/CbRNjam) cuban, is that you? http://cdn.niketalk.com/c/ce/500x1000px-LL-cefd0702_ezgif-1184545086.gif Mark Cuban can go take take advantage of some poor entrepreneur for all I care. that one guy said rockets are "not a very good team" even though they made the conference finals. thats fuckin weird huh cuban? http://i.imgur.com/9nFHNmX.jpg Florida has nice cuban food.  Anything you eat in the states will be americanized so don't worry about or expect anything truly authentic.
 Your only option besides scuba tanks is a shoebox compressor which is around $600 or $700.  They work but are pretty slow. Here is a non-mobile link: https://twitter.com/mcuban/status/600062980500246528
 
^[Sourcecode](https://github.com/Kharms/untouchedURL) ^| ^[Feedback?](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=untouchedURL&amp;amp;subject=untouchedURL%20feedback) Of all the incredible number of bugs and missing features in LoL, the fact that your champion mysteries are not retained should be so far deep down on their priorities list that you need scuba gear to find it. 

Just make them again, it takes like 30s.  Yes it is called a cuban press. People usually start with a reverse curl. Puerto Rico per capita GDP: 23k 
  
Cuba: 7k  
  
What do you have against Puerto Rico?  
  
 WHAT HAPPENED IN CUBA Way to eat some humble pie. You're cool today Cuban. Just for today. Fuck the Mavs! Hey man

For those of us looking for Cuban authors who have been translated, who do you recommend? (It can be inside and out of the genre, to be honest.) He is saying the Ukranian will be biased, the Cuban will be Biased and the Russians will be biased on the number. I love to hate Cuban. I love the Cuban v Morey rivalry. It's just awesome. If only Mavs fans could admit they were wrong. I was not thinking SCUBA when I clicked on this, lol Donate to cuban doctors instead, they get things done. [The $1 lung cancer vaccine](https://youtu.be/AEmoW_Zy41g) I was pretty sure they were native here in FL?  My understanding is they were everywhere in FL until the cuban herps began taking over. Total waste of time.  He's a brilliant guy, he's very accomplished, he has a compelling personal story, Cuba Gooding Jr. played him in the movie... 

But there is no chance whatsoever that he's going to win or even seriously impact the race. Clearly not the end of communism as Cuba is still going... Classy Cuban comments on the Rockets - 1

Negative comments on the Rockets from Cuban - ∞ Why? 

I thought Puerto Rico was just Cuba with more violence but a less shitty environment. Or South Florida with less Cubans and even more violence. Either way, PR seems to be a much better choice. Plus they're already halfway into statehood Scuba Diving Cozumel Mexico May 2015 You would LOVE this back-and-forth between Mark Cuban and Skip Bayless: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H9w_XUQyJJQ&amp;hd=1 Oceania is good. Cuba... North America&amp;Caribbean? ;P Wouldn't the food shortages be because of the embargo the US has had on Cuba since the 60's though? Cuban Denied. Cuba is already claimed. Sorry :( they have scuba masks for the horses now India doesn't refrigerate eggs, especially street vendors and outside is warm enough to incubate eggs Some species of sharks enjoy getting their bellies rubbed. They'll swim up to the scuba divers cleaning tanks looking for scritches.  I would go with Oceania because I think it is more descriptive of Pacific islands. As for Cuba how about 'Central America/Caribbean' instead of just 'Central America' ? Thanks for the work. My family has a lot of ties to Venezuela and Cuba. We like to think that you know it's bad when even the Cubans seem to be moving away from Venezuela and towards the U.S. If you get a cuban sandwich with sweet ham and spanish pork, you only get to add pickles

NOTHING ELSE Oh hey man i call a truce. Cuban just put this out so my Mav's hate is diminished. Take care Steelbooks.

https://twitter.com/mcuban/status/600062980500246528 The fuck you got against Ballmer? Seems like a legit human. Don't confuse him with Cuban because he's at the games and not afraid to get rowdy. Cuban's the tool. I like scuba diving. But I love skin diving!  😉 This is a good bill, simple short and to the point. It does away with the unnecessary embargo against the cuban people. The obvious answer for the US version is Cuba. They've visited it in other versions, and it was awesome. Obama is a complete failure in foreign policy. From Russia, to Iran to Syria he never did anything right. The only thing he did is sign peace  with cuba Cuba Farley  Definitely not! 

This is the Cuban anole. They're big, all mouth and mean! I love catching them!

http://www.reptilestogo.com/PhotosLizardsAndCrocodilians/CubanKnightAnole660.jpg Is the second white top the scuba shirt from F21? I've been thinking about getting it, do you like it? Yes! Cuban B! Not necessarily "nothing" happened in the cold war. Cuban Missile Crisis, Bay of Pigs Invasion, Vietnam, and Korea just to name a few. Wait, so I bought all this SCUBA gear for nothing? Hey i'm not trolling Dallas anymore after this. We good.

https://twitter.com/mcuban/status/600062980500246528 If this report is true, the middle east has reached "Cuban Missile Crisis" status for their cold war, and it isn't done heating up. Add the Cuba resolution to this Good to hear. Cuban's honestly a great owner, and the Mavs are lucky to have him. We don't have to like him, but respect where it's due. Mark Cuban shouldn't have apologized for his opinion and Rockets fans gloat all you want it's not like you guys are getting past GSW What's giraffe an acronym for again?

Effort: prosciutto - SCUBA - shooba. I get it! Thanks! "S-scuba chan!"

/r/tsundresharks I need a claim. Any ideas?

Unrelated, has anyone ever thought to regionalize the Caribbean into a single claim, possible excluding Hispañola and/or Cuba?  I work downtown right by ybor. Love being able to walk over and get a delicious Cuban for lunch.  Big enough to incubate a large watermelon  Cubans and Russians.  Respect to Cuban. But still 'Fuck the mavs' She should go live in Cuba or North Korea.  The wife bought me a box of la Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial Robustos yesterday, so that's what I'm smoking. What a great smoke. Drinking a New Belgium Skinny Dip and listening to Bob Marley Legend. Beautiful weather here in Surprise, Az CUBAN TOO Can someone tell me about kubrows? I've read through the wiki and is still confused.

I just randomly started incubating one, and have no idea what to do with it after incubation. Also, how do I tell which breed I've got? [Found here](http://espn.go.com/sportsnation/post/_/id/12904851/mark-cuban-twitter-says-gotta-admit-was-wrong-rockets) If you're coming to Seattle, do yourself a favor and take time to visit Paseos in Freemont. They have the best Cuban sandwiches you've ever had. It was almost gone forever, but it's back now and you should definitely experience it.  Right, when we want to invade somewhere, we invade Mexico or Cuba or the Phillipines. Well, Cuban has a history of being willing to admit he's wrong. Remember the time he worked at Dairy Queen? It is dying... But not for long

Best place to visit IMO is knuckle reef

They do scuba tours and sub rides 

And a big grouper lives there  Cuba Gooding Jr after Jerry Maguire.  That Coronas Major is delicious. It was my first Cuban. Enjoy it man.  Fuck you Cuban, we don't need your fake congrats.  Go back to stealing people's money on Shark Tank Cubanito12345  Cubanito12345 done it lots of times  Can confirm, parents went from Cuba to NJ to Florida. It was awesome! 4* all inclusive resort. 3 nights pre-paid for. Was best man in wedding. I grabbed three Cubans on the out and I'm already eagar to light them up.   Fuck the Mavs though. Mark Cuban is fucking awful. Cuba. Welcome to Gitmo! Cubanitl12345 Cubanito12345* Cubanito12345 31 hunter very experienced  Puerto Rico is a fictional island made up by Cubans and Dominicans to claim US Citizenship.  "Naw mang I from Puerto RRRico no Cooba"  If I remember correctly from another picture where guys were wearing the hood/net things, it helps to hide the air bubbles that come off of their scuba stuff. Great show. Loving it all so far. Your episode that discussed Cuba Libre has me really hoping it gets a reprint.  Mainly just Mark Cuban, and he rescinded those comments
 It's so strange to hear all the news about people outside Canada starting to consider vacationing in Cuba. Up here it's probably the #1 vacation spot outside the USA - cheap and relatively safe for tourists (compared to Mexico, for example).  Cuban is actually a good dude whose just annoying when you play against his team. He talks shit, but the fact that he's humble here shows why he's a successful businessman. Come on! Gracious in victory and defeat. That... sounds like the scariest shit I have ever heard.
I think I would have immediately died. 
There is a zoo the next town over but I doubt it would be from there.
I'm guessing from our recent trip to Cuba. 
UGH
I will call an exterminator Tuesday  Well actually it would be Mark Cuban = lannisters, since the line is "the lannisters send their regards." Agreed. The embargo does nothing positive for Americans or Cubans, rendering it pointless. For a scuba diver you seem very skittish regarding urine. Is there a VST version for me to test as a Cubase user? ...cuban missile crisis? kruschev screaming "WE WILL BURY YOU" to western ambassadors in moscow? 

 Nah, Cuban and Gilbert complained because they knew the Lakers were planning to also trade for Dwight.

It was **one** of the main reasons.  For me, it really is.  It awakens a strong nostalgia about past scuba dives I have been on. Scuba diver and a musician (primarily bass but I play guitar too).

Unfortunately both of these require other people :( Is northern Canada all Cuban? I already thought about this, but I'm pretty sure countries that have embargoes placed on them still recieve letters from countries imposing the restrictions i.e Cuba  North American Indian, Pretty much the natives in the sparsely populated Canadian Interior.


The only Cuban part I think is southern Florida in the greater Miami area. Do you think they will be referring to this for a whole as the egg is like the cast in the incubator prepping to hatch and spread its wings. OK I'm even more jelly now if that is bad vis! I had 5m on the weekend and a current so strong it pinned me under a wreck. Looks like I have another destination to add to the scuba bucket list. I really wanted to come to the comments and laugh at Cuban Pete spider. Thanks for posting it Cuban is the realest. He tweeted that The Ticket guys were idiots when they were covering the post-champ Mavs.

And the next day, he was on their show to defend why he called them idiots haha Buy a beachfront lot in Cuba near a harbor.  [Oh yeah, Scuba diving was next weekend](http://i.imgur.com/18RqLFD.jpg) Cuban is slithering, he's slithering! Scuba Gragas is well prepared, then. Don't forget Cubase. that's why US is already trying to suck Cuba's medical achievements Nice video.

Feel free to post scuba videos over at /r/underwaterfilm. If you don't mind travelling here's two options that won't take long to get accredited for. 

Ski instructor? Travel the world's winters teaching hot women to ski. Or scubadive/freediving instructor in the Caribbean or South East Asia.  Cuban presses, face pulls, wall slides, band work How many *fucking* times do people need to point out SCUBA and NASA and JPEG and all the other acronyms that clearly demonstrate this argument is bullshit before you people stop trying to use it?  Yup I went to Czech last year and worked with the EOD and engineers. We did a ton of climbing and rappelling and rope work and scuba and shooting and detonated some explosives. Pretty awesome trip [Wellington's Bucket Fountain to look almost as colourful by night after Cuba Mall's street light upgrade](http://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/36c8gs/wellingtons_bucket_fountain_to_look_almost_as/) I love that the article is more about Vice then Cuba.  Course, I'm also a fan of Vice. I'd love to get cubase but I need something I can torrent as I am a. Broke as uni student 

I have settled to get able ton, mixcraft and fl studio to give them all a whirl! I think its my fuck you pay me beanie. Ear flaps and pom poms one crazy old. Or my Cuban linx hoodie.  You should be looking for business incubators, these are often government sponsored taxless or reduced tax buildings specificity for people in your position. We got the credits as a part of Incubator Credits. But I had already got the instances reserved, before we got the credits. So thought could put these credits to better use. Uh, what?  Catholicism was tiny in warlord China.  Big in Cuba and sizable in Vietnam, of course. Ape-Z is so eloquent. "Shut the fuck up and come to lunch."

The same nigger who flew in to Cuba a few years ago. Never change, niggers.

Makes sense though. He was probably reaching out to the commies like MLKoon did.  I think I remember the net is rather (also?) used to "smooth corners" and help conceal un-natural shapes (like their scuba gear). If I'm not wrong they use bubble-less gear.  Tech Town is a incubator and several small companies lease out space from it.  I don't think Tech Town has a large staff.  Dayton Children's Hospital IT division is based out of there.  [sure thing mate](http://www.justgottadive.com/sites/www.justgottadive.com/files/scuba_diving_hand_signals/media-photos/main_photos/administrator/Fotolia_29791106_Subscription_XL.jpg) Castro sent Che? I hadn't heard that before. The story as I understand it is that due to Che's unfortunate ultra-leftism he left Cuba, by his own decision, for Africa and then later to Bolivia where he was captured and killed by the CIA.  Someone can't read. If Japan decides that they don't want to be best friends with US they may forcefully remove this base. It is not some toothless Cuba which can't shutdown Guantanamo. Is this really a problem? Can we not grow more coral reefs? I've been scuba diving on "new reefs" that had been grown by locals after a hurricane or large cruise ship destroyed what was there before.  I have a Yamaha synth with a jog wheel (forget the model name) and it works flawlessly with Cubase. I guess it should though seen as Yamaha own Steinberg. But yeah, it's great. Haven't used a jog wheel with any other DAW though.  The height of the Cuban Missile crises. The US and USSR were minutes away from unloading on each other. Being a senior government official in either government would have felt like the worst job in the world.  I meant how are the tanks stored, is the air the correct temp and humidity. I have several scuba tanks and if left in the wrong conditions can rust to ruin easily enough. Solidly agree, fuck Cuban  A policy the US should have followed when Castro decided to empty out Cuba's jails and mental hospitals and then put those people on boats headed for Florida. A little of both. I rewatched a few key episodes here and there. She told Pete at the end of Season 2 because it was during the Cuban Missile Crisis and they all thought they were goners in that uncertainty.  Nope they are native to cuba, hence the name Cuban Knight Anole Miami, Florida. The Gateway to the Americas, a melting pot and we have damn good Cuban foods!  Cuba has had great success in restoring its damaged reefs. I hope that is something we can collaborate on, or learn from our new friends? allies? [CIGARS ALL AROUND BOYS!](http://www.cigarcabana.com/image-files/cuban-cigars.jpg)

Congrats dude When I discovered Cuban sandwiches, I got pissed that I hadn't found out about them sooner. Those are freaking delicious. My favorite sandwich that I make is French bread, brie, green apples, and kimchi. 

Tom kha is my favorite soup, ever. http://animals.howstuffworks.com/pets/scuba-cat.htm not exactly a baby but... As reported by a neighbor who saw the whole thing, a group of Cubans arrived Thursday night. Once they hit land they all ran toward the highway.  If you're into the business side of nerdy Geekdom is downtown and is  a pretty cool place.  It is a tech incubator, a lot of smart people doing a lot of smart things.

http://www.geekdom.com/ Elaborate on these foreign policy failures, I'd imagine Cuba and Iran and Russian sanctions, being the most recent events,  were all good outcomes? I'm genuinely curious Name: Tom
Age: 20
Location: Virginia, USA
Favorite outdoor activity: trail running and scuba diving
Pictures: [Awkwardly unphotogenic](http://tinypic.com/r/24zxhfr/8), [and number two](http://tinypic.com/r/20sxdte/8) If you're Cuban then that doesn't sound too farfetched. Sanctions don't work. Cuba and Russia are great examples of failed sanction relations. If we are to stop them from having a nuclear weapon we must pressure the UN to strong arm them in every way possible. Or.... We can take it from them.  ademas, si vamos al caso de elecciones, corea del norte y cuba  tiene elecciones pero casualidad que siempre gana el mismo partido Denied, as Cuba is already claimed. Sorry This really sucks. I've only been scuba diving for two years and I already notice the environmental degradation in the places I've been. It's only getting worse. I know old guys that go to South American Countries and Cuba to find JW brides...  Daisy Fuentes, the only reason people would swim back to Cuba French Dip au jous, or Cuban sandwiches. Yes please. Cheesy french onion soup on the side. There's quite the adventure coming, I love the water.

Where is my scuba suit? I haven't had any pepper at all in my cuban montes, it's why i love them so much Belen Jesuit needs to row back to Cuba Scuba gear, though~ Never had Cuban sandwich and now I feel like I am missing out. Do you have a recipe? A Cuban is a hot pressed sandwich made with buttered Cuban bread, roast pork, ham, yellow mustard, Swiss cheese, and dill pickles. [It is heavenly.](http://mediad.publicbroadcasting.net/p/wusf/files/Cuban%20Sandwich%20Tampa.jpg) Pro-choice. No good comes of forcing women to choose between being an unwilling incubator for a fetus so they can give it up for adoption, raise children they don't want, or get an illegal and dangerous abortion. Gotta disagree. Pretty much everyone not named Cuban or wearing sequined jeans and Ed Hardy t-shirts had us taking out the Mavs.   Yeah Green anoles are native, they are being threatened by the invasive cuban brown anole too. He's like Mark Cuban minus the willingness to do things to improve the sport as a whole. and you also got to meet Mark Cuban too! Right, dudes in the 1% of height. That's like Mark Cuban saying he's fairly well-off. While everything you said is true, I would still consider Cuba to be a totalitarian dictatorship, and thus fit the bill for my previous statement.  You're right. There are certainly no Cubans in Des Moines /s Ask a Cuban This is why I pronounce "scuba" as "scuhbaa." The U stands for "underwater" and the A for "apparatus."

Wait, no I don't because that's stupid. Would have been manageable if it didn't always come with 364 coneheads, 32 Octo, 432 Surfers and 765 scubas, plus 54 Gargantuars. Oh well. Fuck BWB I'm familiar with, and would likely use cubase 3 but might switch over to another program if it made sense to do so. Cubanpete26 is crazy helpful and always answers all my questions c: I think that there's a marked difference between a post calling for the murder of specific people to a post saying "Kill all scuba divers" or whatever. Both are offensive, but I agree that the first is crossing a line. Been going there for some time. One of my all time favorite burger joints. He makes one called the Cuban that uses sweet Serrano ham on top the burger with swiss cheese, almost like a media noche. So good. Deep water scuba diving is done with pure oxygen to help prevent nitrogen narcosis.  Cubanpete26 is funny even if he always sends me to my room Clam chowder (in a bread bowl of course) and a Cuban press panini THANKS /u/cubanpete26 for guiding me through pokemon and reddit and irc and pretty much everything &lt;3 Also northern Canada is just rife with Cubans. &gt; What will happen when we all grow food?

FTFY.

90% of large scale food production is powered by fossil fuels, mostly oil. Check out Cuba's "special period." Almost everybody grows there now. It's not a homework question.
We got the credits as a part of Incubator Credits. Read about Amazon Activate

Do you have any specific/concrete ideas in data science spectrum ? That is actually great idea. But the problem is, nearly all the early stage startups that I am connected with, already have those credits (part of some incubator or the other). So no one actually needs my investment :(

 Haha atleast stickers can come off when i grow tired of them.

Thanks! :) yep HC cuba carpet. [This is amazing](http://www.seriouseats.com/recipes/2014/04/slow-cooker-ropa-vieja-black-beans-rice-cuban.html) and it is maybe 10-15 minutes of prep if you do the knifework by hand.  If you use the processor, 3 minutes.   Wow.  So an Oscar means you are a good actor?  To that all I have to say is Cuban Gooding Jr.

I'm not saying that Leto is a bad actor, but an Oscar isn't the end all be all of validation. Wow.  So an Oscar means you are a good actor?  To that all I have to say is Cuban Gooding Jr.

I'm not saying that Leto is a bad actor, but an Oscar isn't the end all be all of validation. Actually it's not, more like 22-40% oxygen compared to the 21% normal air is. 

http://www.elitedivingagency.com/articles/scuba-tank-gas-mixture-divers-use/ You should look for an investor. There are some investors who look for software companies specifically. 

Edit: after a Google search you should check out this type of service too this is a startup incubator for software ideas www.codelaunch.com So true. Scuba diving is always a letdown these days because so much has died in the the 10 years since I started. I'm sure we'll be hearing about that but James said that in a huddle trying to get his guys fired up. That remark shouldn't be taken in the same light as Cuban's tweet. I just got the Legalese Rosetta Stone tapes, going there scuba diving in a few weeks, thought Id pick up a few key phrases, help chat with the locals and such I'm Cuban, my dad was born in Cuba. My SOs mom asked me if he floated over on a Cadillac the first time we met. I just sat there and stared at her. 

I don't think our parents will be meeting anytime soon. Doesn't toothpaste wor? I swear diver friends of mine used to recommend that for their scuba masks. Otherwise +1 on the spitting thing.  You should look for an investor. There are some investors who look for software companies specifically. 

Edit: after a Google search you should check out this type of service too this is a startup incubator for software ideas www.codelaunch.com can you turn the "H" in Habana Cuba toward the camera, last pic was good, but the "H" is still way off to the left, cant make it out very well And we all agree about the scuba divers anyway. They look so good, go ask them to open a restaurant in Scotland! I'd go for the cubano.  it is depressing to scuba a dead reef. I threw up in my mouth a little when I saw that. How do you even incubate a child in those conditions?  op: hey guys, i got this cuban!  
  
rcigars: looks pretty legit, but let me see a pic of a specific thing.  
  
op: here is more of the same pic in diff lighting, IM SMOKING IT!!!!  
  
rcigars: why you even post bro? I thought he was talking about JFK because being anti-war, backing out of bombing Cuba into dust, being pro-social issues painted him as a commie and it didn't work out well for him either.  Cuba is actually doing great for itself. Currently the 4th best place to live in the western hemisphere. People have homes, healthcare and don't go hungry.  Shake them less often, it's hard on the mycelium. If you left them now, you could have every jar turn completely white in a few days, jst leave them alone. Also, look into homemade incubators, they can double the speed of this process. [60090-1: Deep Sea Scuba Scooter](http://brickset.com/sets/60090-1) [[Photo]](http://images.brickset.com/sets/images/60090-1.jpg)
 Make voting mandatory...........Yikes, I can`t get behind that.......It smacks of Castro`s  Cuba, or Hungary after 1956. 

Lets agree to disagree.

Jim B.  Schmidt's in Columbus for German food and Frita Batidos in Ann Arbor for Cuban food.

Also a hidden BBQ joint called "Slow Bone" in Dallas was amazing.  You ain't kiddin. I left with 3 and came back with 30 and that's without the Cuban stock signature /r/cigars 10 pack I ordered. My little tuperdor is running out of room.  I wouldn't go scuba diving there, they make you sign a *ton* of waivers. You passed all the tests! See you at celebratory waterboarding in Cuba!  We must stop Hamas from obtaining nuclear swimsuits. Think of the damage one could do with a militarized scuba gear. That will teach them from vacationing and enjoying life  Antennas.  I thought I was a genius with antennas when my AM radio could pick up Cuba one day.  It turned out I was just replicating 80 year old technology. tfw Cuba isnt listed :( filming her own death while scuba diving.  
  
(you'll have to dig for that one) Because part of the terms of /r/cigars is to not talk about ways to circumvent the U.S. Embargo with Cuba.  Hey, I'm Cuban! Woohoo! Sorry im getting back late, but it looks like its in a [scuba dive center in Portroe Ireland](http://freediving.ie/index.php/portroe-dive-centre/). &gt; FIRST RULE DHYB

This name is a reference to Scuba Diving, in which the first rule is **D**on't **H**old **Y**our **B**reath underwater.
 New Jersey, Mother is from Cuba, Bolivia, Columbia, and Father is African-American German mix. I grew up Socialist as both parents vote Democrat, they turned Red when I showed them the Party to vote for Yeah.  after 3 weeks.  They don't just instantly turn into a chick once they're fertilized - https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=chicken%20incubation%20period
 Hey! Sorry I just got back from a week in Cuba today, she's still up for sale :)  Cuba is shocked and appalled. All Cubans in the country will be asked to return to Cuba because clearly there is a mad man in power at Malaba. Yes it goes USA with an HDI score of 0.914

Canada with 0.902

Chile with 0.822

Cuba with 0.815 Had this happen to an egg incubator in preschool. Guess the vacuum has to be plugged in somewhere. Imagine how much further Cuba could have gotten with no embargo. Is this scuba-Steve? Circumventing &gt; Renounce US citizenship - Move to Cuba 

Now you can have all of them lol

Never smoked a CC but I suspect they aren't worth *that* much. I expected Mark Cuban to be in there. T-T I wanna get into scuba diving. I'm jealous. Aha. Is it a lot of work? I think you need a license of some sort or something? &gt;there's obviously a price we won't match.

Cuban smiles  I hate this!  When I was 7 months pregnant, my husband and I went to a Christmas Potluck dinner at his parent's retirement community.  All night, they introduced my stomach as their future grandchild.  Apparently I was just a walking incubator.  
 Aftershock 18650 hybrid authentic #116



ScubaBatDan G-Tank USA full set.  Nah they were going scuba diving. Israhell is destroying the booming Palestinian scuba diving industry! What will the evil Jews do next? Kill the Palestinian space industry by blocking rocket fuel deliveries?! She might do any number of other things, in fact, including but not limited to becoming a pro scuba diver and being the First Woman on Mars.  In Cuba there really didn't seem to be any racism.  My guess was that when everyone is in the same situation, you just don't make judgments like that. heres ur source, prick.
http://www1.american.edu/ted/scuba.htm I loooove scuba diving. I've only been... maybe 25 times on 4 separate trips, but they're some of my favorite experiences. I've only seen a shark once, but it was awesome.  Sounds like the AA league of incubators. I'm all for it. Have you worked with anyone so far? Mark Cuban bought a bottle once that was $90K just because. I remember him talking about it on stern I think. He said his card actually got declined, haha. [Needs more Cuban](http://assets.dmagazine.com/media/4/mark-cuban-shark-tank.jpg?mode=crop-up&amp;width=415&amp;cropUpAlias=tall) Where's Mark Cuban and the others? The notebook is a scuba notebook, It has wax like pages that you can write underwater ( for taking notes scuba diving ). 
This is where I got mine 
http://www.divers-supply.com/underwater-notebook.html Dumadaan ba ang mga Cubao-Remedios na jeep malapit sa National Museum?  It's entirely understandable. Look at how we reacted to a Soviet presence in Cuba.  Open up a speed delivery Cubano service. Funny - I brought this up with Cubans and Cuban-Americans and people told me we're savages for it... ha. It worked for that guy in Cuba. Actually, the Cuban government gave him permission to leave. Troll harder bro.  I remember finding a cuban raft in the keys while jet skiing in Key Largo about 20 years ago, it wasn't uncommon then.  I found a raft, you found a power boat. until you hit miami, which is lil' cuba
 Why Bernie Sanders?  Because China, Cuba, Laos, Vietnam, North Korea and that little darling, Venezuela are all run so well.   Cubans are the McGyvers of the world.  Final stage ideal communism, sure. But every nation which has existed and been said to be communist has still had money: The USSR, the PRC, Cuba, etc. We traded steaks for fresh live Florida lobsters. Made friends with a lobster fisherman who took us out fishing and scuba diving.  Also made friends with a ranger.  Best snorkeling an scuba diving in the Florida keys... Well south west of it Nah, I am thinking more like Staak the Evolver http://www.comicvine.com/staak-the-evolver/4005-11522/

You ingest the kree goo and it turns you into an incubator for an Evolver tasked with eliminating a threat to free empire. God, I wish we could live in a free, open society, where we aren't persecuted by the authoritarian Kafkaesque government, like Iran, Cuba and North Korea!  Hispaniola is glad to see that Cuba is increasing people standards of living. Scuba Steve Al-Akbhar! invite raiderp lvl30 and cubanwonder32 lvl26
 You should go scuba diving with him. There's a bunch of socialist campaigns: North Korea, China, Cuba, Vietnam, Laos... I like oxford style shoes with a cuban heel, chelsea boots, flat tennis shoes, motorcycle boots, t-strap shoes. Nah he's just another guy working in Erlich's Incubator Cubao - Taft NBI lang. Mr. Allens, I would request that your ships stay clear of Confederate harbors, and that you land no troops on the Cuban Island.

~President Butler.

[Also if you want to summon someone you have to say their username in the comments.] As we speak, our fleet is on the move from Swedish Cuba. An IMDB review says ["Interviews come courtesy of such well known faces as Kobe Bryant, Don Nelson, Michael Finley, Mark Cuban, Yao Ming, Jason Kidd and former NBA commissioner David Stern."](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3626804/reviews?ref_=tt_urv) [Is this a denied, or can I do a 'lil RP convincing/army reinforcement? also it isn't Cuban - its Jamaica] It's pretty nasty. I went scuba diving a while back, preceded by a round of snorkeling. The snorkeling was pretty cool but I took on so much seawater I'm amazed I didn't puke.

In my defense I'd never snorkeled before.  [Oh no your good I don't do the tech stuff, but I am just requesting that you don't take Cuban territories in the future IG.] Hicksy got the cold shoulder when he came back from Cuba and he was found not guilty. Imagine what these guys will go through if they show their face back in Australia.  Oh well, that's the way the cookie crumbles.. I need to scuba dive sometime! I've been snorkeling once (though in fresh water, which was nice) and I loved it. But yeah, swallowing saltwater is so so gross. Scuba is amazing.  Everything I'd hoped it would be and more.  Nothing quite like a face-to-face encounter with a 500 lb grouper to remind you of your place in the food chain.  Did you ever find out what the Cuban piece was? To me it sounded like a version of Guantanamera, although I can't find the correct version online (according to the test, the publisher of the recording was Código, but that isn't helping me find it) And Cuban refugees! Any luck finding it? I'm a self-proclaimed aficionado of Cuban culture (went there in February) but I've had no luck identifying it Any luck finding it? I'm a self-proclaimed aficionado of Cuban culture (went there in February) but I've had no luck identifying it I'm in an incubator.  

Just because there's a ping pong table, DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO PLAY PING PONG 24/7.

/#EarplugsForDevelopers Saw this strategy on the Discovery Channel the other night. That's how we beat Hitler on D-day, the bottom 5 guys are actually wearing scuba gear Wtf is one of the best sandwich joints around. G sandwiches and fast gourmets Cubans down 14th are good too. But wtf is so bomb.  By piracy you mean Cubans  What Private companies? As long as we have a proportionate amount of Cubans working on these ferries we are fine with that. As for the second term, that is very well. [M] I wasn't sure what the situation was since the last player made Cuba capitalist. Yeah but that price is probably closer to 6-8m+. 

IF Morey makes Cuban pay a combined 23m or so for Bev and Parsons then Morey is the one who wins in the end.  &gt; There are only THREE nations in the entire world whose central bank is not owned by the Rothschilds. They are N. Korea, Cuba and Iran. 

so..... where's the prove?

and not just proof for western country If you are below the 50th percentile income bracket in the U.S., Cuba is a better place to live. Si pendejo. Bueno, soy cubano americano Meanwhile, the media sees fit to grill Ted Cruz on what Cuban dishes and music he listens to. Do the Cuban people not know about the easing of the embargo? At this point it can't be long before they can just leave legally, can it? 

*Edit:* Hell of a way to respond to an honest question folks.  Just like the Cuban missile school drills probably did. This should make you feel thankful to be where you are right now. So many people in countries like Cuba would risk their lives to be in this country.  Need to get me some scuba lessons apparently You are missing the whole point. Puerto Rico modeled their flag after the flag for Cuba, made in 1848..... Long before both of those.

Look it up.... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Cuba

So I guess that makes him Captain Cuba? That movie made me so hungry. I wanted a Cuban so bad after watching it I want to do that with Scuba Diving but too far away from where I live. Nice try, Mark Cuban

Edit: didn't spell so goodly So it's cool then to use anecdotal evidence to judge whole groups? 

Ok, I guess I can use guys like Pit Bull to judge all Puerto Ricans. 

EDIT: Some people seem to be missing the point, I know Put Bull is Cuban.  I'd find your local coworking space/tech incubator and donate them. Pitbull is cuban-american you turd. It’ll be interesting to see them lift the American travel ban to Cuba; establishing embassies is certainly a positive step that will put more pressure on getting that bill passed.
 "Damnit, not Awo, Scubaman."

Oh, we see how it is, Beagle. All Infantry look the same to you. CLASSIST. Which one? La caja china being sold by Cubanamericans in Miami? It's good for roasting pork! [Link to article](http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/unseen-cuba-first-aerial-photographs-reveal-islands-spectacular-beauty-1501542)
 They have long worked well together, both being peninsulas with a vibrant Cuban community. 

[Mostly False] Have you tried beans and rice? Cuban style? Why should Cubans be forced to accept an American system? 

 when can we get cuban cigars? (please please please not speculation -- I'm asking people with insight) Pit Bull is Cuban! Didn't Puerto Rico copy the Cuban flag? Use asio4all as your asio driver and lower your latency in the settings. Do you run AD on it's own or as a VSTi in a program like Cubase? Oh, I know about that subreddit, I've just never seen a scuba diver rub a shark's face to make it go away. It's really silly looking. *I am Cuba* (as I knew it, from class) is one of the most beautiful films I've ever seen.  Paul Thomas Anderson stole his "into the pool" sequence from it. I really want to try scuba diving sometime, just gotta find the time for it! I clarified why I used him in my other post below, I know he's Cuban.  Didnt Kennedy back off with Cuba during the missile crisis? And wasn't he also against the idea of regime change there? &gt; they have never advanced past the quarter finals at the World Cup

And they have never won a knockout match in the World Cup away from home soil.  The USA, Costa Rica, and Cuba have all managed that feat.  Mexico hasn't. Oxygen. No one has ever charged me for oxygen. And I'm pretty sure unless I go scuba diving or on a sub it will continue to be free.  Too many fucking Cubans or something The question asked about developed countries.  Also welders purchase oxygen. And hospitals. And scuba divers. Comes in a tank. You might have heard of it.  I put scuba up there. And yea you are right. If I get injured I may need oxygen and may pay for it.  But as of right now I haven't.  Yeah sorry I missed that you wrote scuba.  You can just chuck it in the incubator for the remaining 6 months, right? Until you get to about West Palm Beach. South of that, it goes south again, to Cuba. The colors are flipped. Captain Bizzaro Cuba? Scuba there and you'll see a few. They're beautiful and generally stay a decent distance away...they don't want anything to do with you...you're not a fish Great place to scuba dive. If you've any interest in exploring the depths it's a great place (though not all that deep ;) I heard that during a thunderstorm on the Baltic Sea, you single-handedly free-dived to 85 meters to save a woman from an octopus that had latched onto her scuba tank and was dragging her into the watery abyss. Is that true? Percubaan baik, PDRM Working from home is not the solution to grow any startup scene quickly.

Coworking, incubators and accelerators are. They can foot the bill for a dedicated line and share that cost between the companies. Commercial eggs are almost never fertilised. Eggs cannot be incubated or fertilised once it has left the hen's body. Hens will lay eggs regardless of whether there is a rooster around. I was reading this on another forum and a fairly experienced "egg man" claimed that a number of organic eggs laid by free-range chickens have indeed been incubated and subsequently hatched. This leads to more questions. Cuba gooding jnr is the name for sure? Refugees are one very slanted, yet very inpmportant, part of the story. Look at Cubans in Florida or south East Asians in Cali and Minnesota.  But the Chinese tend to love their country.  So, you're a 19 year old swim teacher, scuba diver, work a job in retail, bee keeper and also did a year in Iraq as a medic?  Your 'Murica flag has Cuba on it.  Juan of the Dead zombies meets capitalism in Cuba... Kinda fun watch Do Cuba next!  No. Not getting anywhere close to cuba over the next year. The canoeing statistic seems nuts unless they mean whitewater canoeing. They have dying while canoeing as 10x more likely than skydiving and 3x more likely than scuba diving. Watched an episode with my GF last night on the DVR. Cuba Gooding Jr.'s acting was great, but I don't think its for me guys. (Yes, I understand its serialized) Yeah, it's a pretty bad name for a coffee/sandwich shop. My guess is that they're from Florida. It's the "country" and cuban connection. Otherwise SO random.  To answer your last question: we do. You'll never see a video of Americans pushing Cubans back out to sea to die.  is the assumption that food in Cuba doesn't keep for a week? why can't he eat food next week that he skips today? The import law only applies with travel to cuba, it is still illegal to bring back cuban cigars from other countries. I'll never forget in 2011,right after the cup win, Thornton looks at the camera, while holding a beer and smoking a Cuban, and yells, "SUCK IT FELGER." A lot of Africa isn't offended by the word nigger, I knew a Cuban guy that used to say it to a guy from Africa, don't remember which country, all the time and they thought it was funny.  Puerto Rico is a US territory.  There is no LCDH or other legal Cuban retailer on the island.  I'm sure there are plenty of fakes though :( A) Heavy
B) Red
C) Plr_hightower
D) Bubbling Hound Dog, Cuban Bristle Crisis, Snow Sleeves
E) Revving up an Australium Tomislav
F) Angry

Thank you :) Already lifted. you can go to cuba from the US now Easily some Caribbean nation. Pull out all my cash savings, jet down to some remote island, become a fisherman, and drink cuba libres in a hammock until I die, or this all comes crashing down. If you're interested in cubans then you're best off asking in r/cubancigars. Which is interesting considering Cuba has a smaller amount of starvation per capita than the U.S. Cuban too. Couldn't care less. This is year 4 for the PVL level, nothing new. I'm much more excited to go see the Men's National team play Cuba and Canada live. No. Actually.. from what I've heard Cuba's supply / economy is so wonky that the store shelves will literally be empty in a week. 

One week: store full of one particular item, or two or three items. Next week: nothing. No pump ;)

It runs off a SCUBA airtank *The question was: "If you were JFK how would you have handled the Cuban missile crisis?" To which the Funhaus guys said this was the Game of Thrones question of the week. Which it clearly is not. I admit it was funny but it was sinful as shit*


+1 Not a trash collector, but I scored two full sets of SCUBA gear roughly valued around $800+ when I was a mover. Pretty sweet find for a certified diver. No problem! If you are going to scuba in Koh Tao, I found a dive center that described witch months that have the best conditions

http://www.simplelifedivers.com/gulf-of-thailand-weather.html The best way to gauge size is to interact with the Incubator. If the ears go above the selection bar, it's tall. It's a two piece open cell. Is perfect for up here. I can even scuba dive in it.  I've done scuba at Catalina (10 years ago or so, PADI also) and the kelp forests were very beautiful. Remember to stay hydrated!

Always have a dive buddy. 

The Catalina ferries are good but bring your own snacks if yuo care about $ :) Yes.....? Did you not take a history class? Skip over the whole Cuba Missile Crisis part or something? Deja de leer prensa rosa e infórmate sobre el sistema democratico cubano, compáralo con el tuyo, vienes y nos lo cuentas riojano. "All people are the same."

I've met people from Iraq, Egypt Peru, Cuba, Korea, China, I've talked to people of every sort of religion, people are very much different.  It hasn't been lifted completely, there's only an ease of restrictions to travel to Cuba.

http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/senators-introduce-legislation-lift-cuba-travel-ban/story?id=28580540 A moot point since Americans have been traveling to Cuba through Mexico. Take out a book and check when that happened. Then compare that to when the embargo and terrorist actions against Cuba started. It's really not that difficult. I'm saying he doesn't represent the people of Puerto Rico because he in fact is not from Puerto Rico. His parents are Cuban, as in from the island of Cuba (not Puerto Rico) and he was born in Miami, Florida (again not Puerto Rico).  I bet Tupac is sitting somewhere in Cuba playing TT with his perma clone right now 
/srs Let's not forget the men though. Since sexism is over we should make them lots of sandwiches before we get pregnant since when we get pregnant we cease to be people and become walking incubators. Jetblue will begin flying to Havana in early July it seems. A ferry service from Florida is also in the process of being established.

http://time.com/money/3854538/americans-how-to-get-to-cuba/ Summoning /u/minihawking /u/DominusRegum /u/TheOddCuban I went in that pond with my scuba club last week! It was 16 degrees at the bottom.

http://www.bsac.com/news.asp?itemid=14741&amp;itemTitle=London+City+Scuba+clean+up+UK%92s+first+city+centre+open+air+%91pond%92&amp;section=56&amp;sectionTitle=News Seriously. These guys think they're secret agents or something. They have aliases on their website. Names like deadpool, hawk, scuba steve. So dumb I used to teach scuba diving so you can say I'm comfortable in the water...This trailer just gave me chills and freaks me out a bit.

You could say I'm excited to see more.  I bought Cubans from Mexico and brought them in no problem. I'm not so sure. I brought Cubans back from Mexico.  Cuban cigars JEEESUS I spent 400 on my girl for Christmas. Mind you i got an incredible deal and took her to Cuba for that. Oh,  did I mention we are a few years in to our relationship. 


This guy is insane. If he's serious I would be worried for him  Ted Turner was the proto-Mark Cuban

Not saying I miss those days (the team was terrible) but by the gods it was at least fun to have a passionate an interesting owner. Looks like scuba goggles. Of course, I forgot about the Cuban-Iranian population.  I hear Carnival / Mardi Gras,  is an exceptional event in Tehran. Yep. I was the cock-of-the-walk until the Cuban Missile Crisis. Another fantastic Creed quote:

"If I can't scuba, then what is this all about?" Sounds more like a ritual than a practical thing. 

A rather risky ritual too, honestly, as you might fuck the whole routine up and scorch a hole in your wrapper. 

That said who are we to argue with an old school Cuban cigar smoker on his methods?  I once heard that you smoke multiple cuban cigars a day. Is this true? Well if you did bring back some from mexico you got very lucky or they arnt cubans. The only legal way to obtain any cuban cigars is to travel to cuba. It may be possible to bring some back from Mexico/Canada/Etc. But its not legal. I don't know, it would be awfully expensive flying them all to Cuba. Can we just lash them all together and set them adrift in the caribbean? Cuba has 100% employment and that is a broken country.  I agree with you OP in that the proletariat owns the means of production in Vietnam Laos China and DPR Korea and Cuba and possibly Venezuela.

...


....

is that what you meant? ____be the incubator for earthly life. That's what I'd concluded, until my Cuban encounters... (see post below? above? argh, I don't know how you're sorting...) Cuban Sandwiches.

Or for my ethnicity:

Pasta. SO MUCH PASTA. Well, in Rigo's case, he was stuck in Cuba which prohibits boxers from going pro due to various diplomatic reasons (athletes defecting). I'm glad you weren't around during the Cuban Missile Crisis.   He scored 5; 3 of them against Belize and 2 against Cuba. This tournament is going to be a hell of a lot tougher than it was in 2013 too. Yeah fuck that, someone wants to touch the incubator of my child, we're throwing down. A kid with scuba gear. Lift him outta da water and dry him on the beach.

 Cuban and French.

Cheese, bread, pork, greens, mustards, and wine. The baby incubators in Texas gonna have to learn their place! /s I think you're missing the point . . . I know he is Cuban. 

Him not being from PR is part of the point I'm making.  I'm a scuba diver so I have *lots* of options.  Probably in fresh water, about 40 feet down buried a foot or so under a rock in a remote spot on a rocky coast.  I live near the Great Lakes.  I have plenty of rocky shores around Georgian Bay.


 Relying on almost nothing (I got SCUBA certified and then never went in the water again) that I can quote/link as fact, I am almost certain that a human could not dive to 2000m. With polar ice caps melting at their current rates, it'll be an artificial reef for scuba divers to explore. There's a guy in the San Juan Hotel (Isla Verde, PR) who sometimes says he has Cubans.  They're not. hey, if it works for professional scuba divers then why wouldn't it work for airsoft? I'll actually be in Canada fer a combined time of 23hrs in June, on me way to Cuba. But aye, that's my plan!  Mine is:

Cold incubation period

Baby purple under eyes

Decongestant while breastfeeding
(We're feeling better, by the way :P) and a bonus

Cloth diapers too much detergent Russia isn't communist, it's a typical capitalist country with authoritarian government. The same is true for China. Cuba is still socialist, though it implemented some market reforms. Using these atm:

* Digistyle
* Scuba Diver
* Boot
* Digitalog (GWR)
* Mickey Mouse
* Odyssey
* Pujie Black
* Ranger
* Skymaster
* Spotlight
* Stadium 
 The middle crisis is a good thing to were about in your intro as a way of portraying Cuba in the Cold War. Unfortunately the containment policies of the Cold War are still shaping american policy in regards to Cuba.  Nah,  he's somewhere in Barbados chilling with hot bitches and buffing some cuban cigarettes.  That guy should really return all of his discount scuba gear and seatbelts. Hey Ricardo! I am American by birth but Cuban by the grace of God. Is Fantasy a popular genre in Cuba? My abuelo loved it and got me started writing it, but I never got around to asking him when he was alive. Thank you so much for doing this! Pretty sure Cuban already has as huge French influence. Check out "Yo Soy Cuba". Really good. And some damn fine filmmaking, too. 

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0058604/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 &gt; Guarantee that at least 75% of your local residency are non-native Floridians.

pretty much. miami is what you'd get if a piece of manhattan and a piece of cuba broke off and met in south florida. I fully anticipated skipping the Pitbull interview, then bam, they start talking about diplomatic relations with Cuba.  Howard is pretty good at this interviewing thing. Welcome to the Springs!  I moved here about 15 years ago from Tampa.  You'll be sad to know there aren't any places to get a good Cuban here. He probably just realized the odds of an American tourist buying actual Cuban cigars from Mexico is pretty slim Intentionally ignoring your parameters:
I think Vietnam's army was even larger -- and battle-hardened.  And Cuba is far enough away that I don' t know whether any of the other combatants have the naval capability to touch it. The racist answer would be: he's Cuban, so wait until it gets warmer. I remember seeing that in Cuba... May have been Cienfuegos in fact. 

Very cool things!  John F Kennedy: after learning about the Cuban Missile Crisis I truly think that he deserves most of the praise he gets.

And I'd also be happy with Washington or FDR too. I've not seen the video but if you are talking about the B-26s done up in FAR livery the  first event was when they bombed Cuban airfields  and killed 7 people on April 15th. Iceland and Cuba.  

It would serve nothing but ice cubes. The Ukrainian team has never updated often. They're a different group than the other incubator teams; they're Peace Corps volunteers, aren't they? I, personally, think the personality is set from a randomizer every time you either put an egg in the incubator, get an animal pregnant, or buy from the vendors. I have NEVER had an animal take the personality of the parent. Looks like varieties of what is called Cuban oregano. Not sure on the scientific names.  I have a choice whether or not I want to use my body as an incubator or not.  This is why it sucks so much being a woman. Anything we do is up for debate and criticism. Not to mention being just a 'vessel' and not worth anything other than being an incubator for baaaybee.

Ugh. I'm going to go punch a pillow. &gt; It could mean Mark Cuban purchases the franchise

http://i.imgur.com/MC7TFDI.gif I'd say Cuba and Iran are decent achievements for any administration.  Took the flag of [Cuba](http://www.mapsofworld.com/images/world-countries-flags/cuba-flag.gif) and added the crescent and changed the colors of the stripes to the pan arab colors.  Exist! 

Also, SCUBA diving hand signals (the OK sign) mean the same as the middle finger in a few SA countries, I do believe.  From my what my girlfriends friends say:

Profile pic: You shirtless on a beach holding a puppy

Next one: You in a suit

Next one: You doing some exotic activity like scuba diving

Next one: with a few friends so you don't look like a loner I guess the Cuban Missile Crisis pales in comparison to the insurgency in the Middle East, then.  Didn't we just have a referendum on this and we voted no because of a scare campaign saying that it would take money away from bullet proof vests for soldiers and incubators for newborns?

Sometimes I think we deserve the government we have. Captain cuba Which modem did you own? I own a nicer Motorola surfboard, and I've never had any options.

More importantly: I had to go clean my scuba gear to take me back to happy place after that episode.  So awful at the end :*(. 😢 Coaches Bar &amp; Grill on Bethel has had the Reds game on their big tv every time I've been there recently. It was even on in the bathroom. If you go there, order the cubano sandwich. See step 3 for where Cuba went wrong.  Comparing politics in Cuba to the US, that's cute. Socialism itself is not what made Cuba a nasty place, which is plain to see as socialistic policies are very successful in other places. Are you willing to spend a lot? Last Footwear story on Lower Cuba (or their outlet in the outlet mall in Tawa). 

Or Amazon if you are willing to buy shoes over the internet. He's half Cuban, half Colombian. "Perfectionism is the enemy of profitability" - Mark Cuban I really wish more Cuban Cigar lovers would have the same attitude. So much amazing stock on both sides of the line. "That guy" is Mark Cuban, owner of he Dallas Mavericks and famous from the TV show Shark Tank.  Oh you wanted torture? You're adorable.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guantanamo_Bay_detention_camp

It's the most ironic thing ever that we're doing this torture on Cuban soil. Just as the Cold and Proxy wars heat up with Russia, America puts his arm around the small guy on the other team. 

Don't need another Cuban Missile Crisis.  /u/CUBANPETE26 &lt;333

Do you need a hayley's mew!!!

EDIT: Do you also need the event univa starters, i dont want them ;( Hanneman is definitely Cuban... they keep making fun of him getting lucky ala Broadcast.com.  It's gold! Ardour actually looks really nice.

If I wasn't using Cubase I would definitely give it a shot, as it seems to have many more features than Reaper. Cuban Breakfast &gt; Country Breakfast.  Cuban cigars

Actually I don't care, I don't live in the US. I feel like most Cubans I've met are taller than that. Nerd³ Challenges! - No Fly Zone - GTA V

DRIVE a plane from Trevor's Airfield to Los Santos International Airport. No taking off or flying.

Hard Mode: Use a Cuban 800 Because of toxic masculinity and the surge of reactionaries making hteir sad presence known on the larger internet after incubating on the chans for close to a decade. Scuba tank or just rock 12 grams. That what I use for Outlaw ball - 12 grams and my Tipx.  Go SCUBA diving. There's a noticeable difference in currents between 20 feet down and surface level. It wouldn't keep him completely still, but it would most likely reduce the amount of drift significantly. I'd like to hear that from an actual Cuban. Bernie- 

What are your thoughts on the removal of the embargo on Cuba?  He looks like what a lizard-people incubator adult would look like.  Hello, Bernie I understand that you support the recent effort by President Obama to normalize relations with Cuba. If elected would you pursue a similar policy to improve the fragmented relationship between Venezuela and the US?   With the news that Cuba has a proven effective cure for lung cancer, how would/could you make this affordable for the masses, if elected of course, without price gouging from the insurance and pharmaceutical corporations? DVAX next, bitches.

NVAX already had the fatty pop, but once they finish stage 3 shit explodes.  

NVAX explodes anytime someone mentions that you can't cure cancer without extremely quick and personally adapted vaccine incubations.   I use Cubase, which has a "monitor" button that allows you to hear the input as it is being run through inserts/plug-ins/EQ. I assume most other recording software options would have a similar feature. Reaper appears to. Colombia praises Cuba on its efforts to prevent a Drug-Trafficking, murder happy terrorist group that has caused far to much instability and chaos in the country trying to grow. They are called Camels in Cuba and they are awesome and cheap to ride! Also, you get to feel what it feels like to be a sardin in a tin can in a FUCKING OVEN. GOD DAMN CUBA, GET SOME A/C IN THOSE THINGS! This video looks a lot like Cuba over winter break, packed with Canadian college kids trashing the place.  Haha what does that even mean. Like what do commies sound like? russians? Chinese? Cuban?   Just when i thought you cant say anything dumber than than that , you go and top yourself .  http://imgur.com/oyjgUcb

whoops, read it is in cuba slacker.  Senator Sanders, what would be your foreign policy stances on important issues like fighting ISIL, and America's policy on Cuba as well as the sanctions on Russia? I'm interested to hear how you'd handle these situations as the world's superpower. You have to purchase them IN Cuba, and you can't buy them legally in P. R., as it's part of the US.  As any other nationality, we don't get why you Americans were in Cuba all those years. 

And don't tell me it's complicated. 

EDIT:

Just what do any of those bullshit answers have to do with Guantanamo? Colonialist Legacies is doing a Cuba mod that if I recall correctly, is very simiar to this. I love that you adjusted his little arms to fit the activity!

And look at the scuba gear! Precious! :D What the fuck? I'm stunned. No wonder Americans boast of their houses, cars and jobs all the time - they think the rest of the world is North Korea or Cuba. To be fair, Cuba's in the Caribbean and sunny.

Don't tell me you Brits couldn't find a nicer island. Cuba will be suspending any plans to become militarily involved unless the benefits cut [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldpowers/comments/3675ui/event_colombia_slashes_the_budgets_of_its/) are reinstated. I use to smoke cigs and vape a lot now but I still always enjoy a good quality cigar. Plus now we can buy Cubans with the normalized relations with them! Then why are Republicans so scared to allow open trade with Cuba?  They are afraid that it will be a success.  If China embargoed the US, would that mean that Capitalism was a failure? commiserations bud. I am in the same boat. My HC Cuba need that light. You could photoshop in Palm trees and claim to be Cuban. bitch you're in cuba I love it when my value is as a baby incubator and I'm treated as an object and a commodity to be traded! Carlos Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years' Cuban Toro L.E. 
Will actually be arriving today or tomorrow

Since it's my first I dunno if I'd buy these again or not, haven't tried one. Cuban sandwich. Your friends are jealous of your happiness and want to destroy it.  Also, if you're looking for a new hobby take up scuba diving.  It is the best thing ever. Even though it looked pretty dirty, I went there all the time for their Cuban sandwich. It was delicious. He's spawning a new K Shine. That's how he replicates.  It needs to incubate in a tiny lip body bag.   To be fair, (a) Cuba has never been an integral part of the US, and (b) we left. It's probably in the attic somewhere back home. I'm stationed in Cuba now so I can't get it.  And this is precisely why Cuba has a lung cancer vaccine that they are selling for one dollar... Billions of dollars go to research in first world countries and only a few trickle down to actual research. Well you did just assume that they're all Mexican and not Guatemalan, Peruvian, Cuban, Panamanian, Brazilian and so on and so forth. So, yes. Doesn't mean I didn't laugh but let's not kid ourselves.  found "it" **NSFW** http://southflorida.backpage.com/TranssexualEscorts/sexy-cuban-real-pic-and-recent-100-10-inches-ff/20547916 windows with a bare bones graphics card. Cubase is the host. From wikipedia: 

"Alonso was born in Newton, Massachusetts. His father, Carlos Alonso, was born in Cuba and raised in Puerto Rico. His mother, Monica Alonso, is from Colombia."

His first language is not English also. &gt; Does he project as more of a Puig or a Soler?

Because Cuban players can only be compared to other Cuban players WHAT HAPPENED IN CUBA  Cuban sandwiches  When you say track inst, you mean a Cubase track inst and not a piece of hardware? If so there is no way this is a ground loop issue. I think Cubase just stutters a little when setting up new insts (resulting in a little noise). Wow, proving my point. Hell, Cuba has free med school and they produce some of the finest doctors. What about Cuba, DR, or Jamaica? Race always has been, and always will be a big issue in the United States. This country was incubated on the enslavement of one race, and the genocide of another. Yes a cubase instrument. I can turn down the volume too which i thought was weird. It's not a quiet stutter though ... It's the same volume as the sounds my synths produce so I can't really have it In other news, instead of going to war, Cuba has developed a vaccine for Lung Cancer.

We've gotta do better. I thought it was a Cuban joke They're acting like Cuba is some giant industrial wasteland or something lol.  What you said is spot on. I'm kinda thankful. Kinda because now we got this crazy cubans running around in Miami. A lot of these guys just want the fast money so they start selling coke. I dont want crazy drug dealing cubans. All of them young cubans are crazier and dumber.  Cuban Sandwich. My hometown is the founder of this heavenly sandwich, Miami, shove off! Cheers incuban. :) That is what I was thinking too.  Either Cuba or somewhere in Eastern Europe where those Russian made monstrosities roamed the Earth. My first time scuba diving after I got certified, I had a blast.  All shots were filmed in 2.7k and brought down to 1080P Oh, wait, why do I love incubator things so much? I've thought meat incubator before... Because it looks like cool dystopian machinary? (And I'm thinking of another kind of incubator. why? why!) That Capella kid, im impressed. Cuban will offer him a max contract in a  few years. Lord 3Dza was just incubating till the playoffs this is good final form! Thank you so much for the info, and for the heads up on heavyweights. How about Cuban fighters, are there any to watch? I have a little Cuban in me and I know its big in our culture, so would love to peek at a few fighters. They are getting so many cuban baseball players It would essentially be a giant tech incubator, except when someone has a success, we don't ask for equity or anything in return really.

So...I guess it would just be a network of free housing and food for entrepreneurs and tech geniuses. Yami Cuban Er..Cuban elitist here.  TBH.  For the most part I wouldn't be interested in aged NC's outside of Padron and AF/Opus. Booking my trip to cuba *When he first came up he was really scary. He ruined the Bumgarner start.* Oh SF, please keep praising my Cuban bb~ I assure you as a Floridan we would rather sink our state into the Gulf of Mexico before we call it new Cuba  Cuba is correct. At least according to the post I found this in. Is this canon? I thought the incubator thing was a headcanon? Because these darn baby incubators never consider the action before going to the doctor!  Christian Slater

Mike Myers

Eddie Murphy

Alicia Silverstone

Emilio Estevez

Cuba Gooding Jr


I guess they get some roles but they've kinda dropped off the radar. Nah I would have said the same thing whether I was a mod or not. Lots of people have a tendency to try to explain Cuban players in terms of other cuban players (though it's a little understandable given how little is often known). And then Cuba Probably but Cubas still pretty sweet dog If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?  Osnap that scuba tank cape! That brings back memories, yo. Too bad it's untradable, isn't it? I wonder if you could anvil it..

EDIT: And is that a Chief Stan hat? cuba gooding jr is on a comedy central show, it looks funny but i missed the first couple episodes and now i don't want to watch any of it till I see the beginning. There's actually no one I know I could even discuss her with? 

"What do you think about Assata Shakur?" 

"Who is that?"

 "Convicted killer political asylum Cuba." 

"Huh? "

" Tupac's aunt"

"Oh I like Tupac. " I figure they aren't going to repair 
Mark Cubans road.. they sure as shit ain't fixing mine in east dallas Or a Cuban. Cerrone is the most redneck scuba diver ever. I love it!  What did Mark Cuban say?  Hogs get fat and then get slaughtered?
 If I cant scuba then what has this all been about. I've never been to Cuba. Pardon my ignorance, but are there not a lot of Cuban pitchers that throw sliders?  Puig has struggled with them, Guerrero swung and missed at a couple tonight.

 Maybe the pitchers in Cuba aren't taught to throw that pitch because it is the primary cause of pitching injuries.  PSN SscubasteveL  Does the proximity of AUS to Indonesia concern you?

The size and location of Cuba? The Bahamas seem out of place?

Think about celebrity deaths especially- they are awesome dimensional markers.  Watch it Big Cuba. Oh man -- I just recently ran across [SoftAmp 3OD](http://www.soft-amp.com/softamp-3od) and I've used this for soft synths and it's just added so much depth and presence. 

It runs in Cubase 8 just fine and also comes flavored in 64-bit.  I hang glide, scuba, etc., but I think whitewater kayaking is the most dangerous sport I've ever tried. 

Finally something scares me.  You fucking commie pig - go home to mother russia or cuba for that matter I was about to say the same thing. As a scuba diver, I'd probably be more scared of an Orca than a shark. i can see it now, cuban signs capela to the max in some nightclub and post pic on twitter. [Nope, no innovation under socialism, particularly not in Cuba with anything like biotechnology, or anything silly like that.](http://www.theairnet.org/files/research/cardenas/andres-cardenas_cubab_biotech_paper_2009.pdf) ......what? cuba is not "Agriculture" country and there is hardly any food in my country......good lord Is it [scuba fabric] (https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/e6/7a/a3/e67aa3d47425f6437223d31cec53ab2b.jpg)? I'm more on the side of if it works for you - use it! I use Pro-Tools myself at times... I use tape at times... I use Cubase only at times. It just depends on what I'm feeling.  The Gooding, the Bad and the Ugly 

A documentary that investigates Cuba Gooding Jr's dark side. Wow Cuba Gooding Jr took a monster hit I remember seeing a merman binder somewhere. Like, shiny fish scale binder. 

I'd say wear blues and greens instead of the boring black and white. Maybe add a scuba mask or flippers.  yep. cuban/colombian lol  Were the standards changed? I can't find any [dive agency](http://www.scubatravel.co.uk/training/qualifications.html) whose levels match what I was told by the French shops. Hi /u/CubanGuyMike

I have removed your post as you need to add image flair.
It is under your post's subject. 
You do not need to repost, just add the flair and we will return your post.

Mod Team. How, Cuban, how D-Moreys ass taste? A general theory is that there is an event that happens during incubation in the womb that can lead to being transgender, but I can't verify any of this with hard facts. it goes to show how progressive Cuba is over 99% of the west that they include trans people in their pride marches. I also like yelling at Cubans when they show emotion.  Cuba's ballet is on point. I should have known they had been infiltrated.  Definitely neoprene, aka scuba fabric. It doesn't breath well and it creases forever if you fold it but by golly it makes for amazingly structured dresses!  Draper uses Cubase

WRLD &amp; Richard Caddock im pretty sure uses Ableton

Laszlo i think uses both FL and Live

7 Minutes Dead uses Live

Stephen Walking uses Logic Pro X

Stonedank uses BitWig

I dont know what the rest of the bunch uses bustre uses cubase

haywyre uses ableton i'd assume

aero chord is ableton

mitchell claxton uses logic

televisor also use logic, that or pro tools, i cant recall

same with twothirds ^ It's like that scene in Godfather II where they're cutting the cake of Cuba. Do you realize that Cuban players all played against the same competition?  It's natural to compare them all.  They also share an isolated culture and diet.  Much more so than any other source of MLB talent.  There is no reason NOT to compare them. Argentina DEMANDS Cuba to retract as this is an entirely South American matter Two! That's two I've gotten!

Scuba is life Use one of these, then you can [re-breather](http://xtremescuba.com/images/Inspiration_frontView_detail.jpg).  Ireland and Cuba had the friendliest people. I've never been anywhere where everyone was horrible but the most nastiness I encountered was in The Netherlands.  Cuba Gooding had a few guest spots in the show Forever recently Ah damnit, I was gonna say Cubans. Scuba diving. My inner ear doesn't equalize air pressure due to infections as a child, and I am told I could burst my eardrum scuba diving. Never say never, maybe you'll end up having a sex change and having a uteris with a foetus inside implanted into you in order to act as an incubator for someone elses kid.

It's a long shot I admit, but stranger things have happened. Wikipedia lists what seems to me improbably low casualties for the Cuban Army. What would a good approximate figure be? I've seen these in Cuba.  I can control my eardrums. Well it's useful for scuba-diving I guess [M] Side note - why is Cuba not claimed on the list? /u/Vertci &amp; other mods Sorry, it triggered me and I thoughtlessly posted the link.

Just the IDEA of someone watching something with a SCUBA MASK glued to their face, that no one else can see, gave me the heebie jeebies. I always was lead to believe that Socialist leaders are America's enemy. Russia (Lenin and Stalin), Cuba (Castro), China (Chairman Mao). It has changed that much since my history lessons? What happened? Just the IDEA of someone watching something with a SCUBA MASK glued to their face, that no one else can see, gave me the heebie jeebies. I would euthanize a willing Cuban-American in hospice care somewhere in Hialeah, Florida. The two of us would be known as the Fidel-killers. I'd never pay for churros or café cubano ever again. The Black Plague, the Cuban missile crisis... Ebola you know.. cuba still has a marxism leninism course in university. even if youre planning to study physics for example  i don't know if im too late but, i have a simple question.

do you have any plans to do anything considering the recent information we have learned about Cuba and their treatment for lung cancer? cubaseのmidi音が鳴りっぱなし病にかかっており、停滞している。 Cuba Gooding, Jr. was in Selma! Look at YC Alumns, valuations and exits in aggregate, compare to others. Do the same for other incubators, who comes out the best (and with the highest alum-&gt;exit ratio and higher exits). Go to cuba. The totalitarian government made it incredibly safe for tourists. I'm not kidding, the idea of a drug cartel on Castro's soil kidnapping tourists is unimaginable. Welcome, Rubber Lagasse and Cuba Earnhardt! Neither. Both are absolutely useless. If you are in desperate need of an aircraft for travel get either the cheapest plane available like the Cuban 800 or something or the Buzzard, it's universally better As a skydiver, it's like comparing scuba diving with hearing  a guy tell another guy about snorkling. Whoah, somehow I had missed this: http://www.pointnurse.com 
http://medcitynews.com/2015/04/pointnurse-sets-collaborative-telemedicine-service-joins-bitcoin-incubator
 Any sporting goods or SCUBA shop should be able to refill them.

I had a buddy, also a trained diver, who used an old SCUBA tank for his offroad rig but you need to be very careful when dealing with those pressures. As a scuba diver, sky diving sounds amazing. I agree. Mites start off with drone brood since the incubation time is longer. If they've moved to the workers then it's a pretty well established varroa infestation. This is definitely a worker. Time for the formic acid treatment!

 &gt;For my record there is only one competitor offering service and or sales in Cuba.

Sounds like there is little competition, which could mean a big payoff if done correctly. I'm not familiar with your market.  It's some sort of albino but without knowing the parents you can never really know. Trempers can be made to look like bells by the way their incubated and vise versa. At least she looks fairly healthy, good for you on rescuing :) Are you talking about the scuba diver? It's not like I wanted to help point that out or anything... L1/R1 change layout slot/tab slot in incubator/tab slot in inventory. L2 opens chat window, so I don't think L2/R2 combo can be used for switching/modifying anything on screen. PS4 info here. No idea how XBox works :) http://www.jewelryfresh.com/collections/frontpage/products/18k-gold-finish-iced-out-miami-cuban-chain http://www.jewelryfresh.com/collections/frontpage/products/18k-gold-finish-iced-out-miami-cuban-chain Perez's best ability is his movement.  But after the Abdusalamov fight he put on a lot of weight and I don't think he's shed it.  Should be an easy win for Povetkin if the "Irish-Cuban" is out of shape.

 One alternative is the Steinberg UR22.

Why?

24 bit/192khz

Very good reviews online

A copy of Cubase AI6

and MIDI in/out On mobile right now so can't post a link, but the official cubase guide asks you to do it.

Your cpu is likely working hard during sessions anyway. Turning power saving on will make it throttle down unnecessarily. Go ahead and ask Mark Cuban how much harder it is to build a legit NBA rotation without consistently hitting on late first round picks.  I have had a Cuban since they gave us the 500,000 last gen. I love it it's a fun plane. Not a lot of seats tho, I bought a Dodo in this gen and it's great to drive in water. Yeah, it's expensive. But Mark Cuban has a banner in his building... Yeah, I've been researching the Cuban healthcare system quite a bit in the past couple days and it's incredible. &gt;Try that shit in North Korea, Cuba, and China and you'll get shot on sight. 

Well yeah, they're all damn commies and we're not.  lol. I like it...

I also almost had a scuba accident there, but I suppose that isn't Australia's fault... but I wouldn't put it past that dodgy little nemo looking fish tampering with my air tank Cuba is SA... Yeah some of the color Pallets were questionable. I remember having a Zipline Batman that had an interesting Blue color and Scuba Batman had some kind of Hot Neon Yellow. My brother is selling his 2007 Honda Fit for a few thousand; he bought a Nissan Cuba van for his business and can't keep both. 
 The Spanish American war was almost entirely about aiding Cuba in freeing itself from Spanish rule. Cafe Tacuba I would have said Cuba. Fairly strong... I mean, what's Cuba doing?

Also it depends what you mean by "fall" Hola amio Como eta? Donde eta la tobacco pa-a me amio? Pienso mi Pe--o, po-favor.

More of an annunciation and accent thing than the meaning behind the sentences. Cuban pronunciation is a bitch if you didn't learn Spanish with the dialect. Labs without much money to spare. It's literally 2 minutes to fill a box and you can do it during a short incubation or centrifuge. Then you spend the money you save on reagents and machines.  Partial gas pressure is a thermodynamic abstraction which applies much more broadly than just to SCUBA.  I've never heard the crazy stereotype, just that they're late to everything. I call it CMT, Cuban Mean time, just add 1 hour to whatever time they say they'll come. Why Cuba? Ah, Scuba, you make me smile... No he would not, Cuba is 3rd. I'm willing to bet your father was a successful cardiologist but left Cuba to come here and be a janitor, amirite? I kid, please don't blow up my inbox.... Ismail Haniyeh. Israel definitely has a right to exist but negotiations over the past 50 years have not been favourable to the Palestinians at all. Cuba only wants peace for the region but sometimes peace can only be achieved through revolution. Doctors are Cuba's biggest export. I just started getting into Conan and he's just so fucking great. 

Edit:  If you haven't seen his episode where he goes to Cuba, DO IT NOW. it's like it's turning into cuba...look at that push for socialism... &gt;Cuba couldn’t make communism work

I assume their definition of "work" is the usual liberal definition of "works," ie "has iPhones." Photo is simply credited to one of the galleries it passed through: "Galería Nuble".

http://www.cubanartnews.org/news/exhibition-close-up-diversionismo-ideologico/2999 I bought a few tobaccos from L.J. Peretti's in Boston, and the package arrived yesterday. Had some delicious Cuban, which is reminiscent of cigars, especially on the retrohale, and then moved on to a sweeter 1072. Excited to get back into pipe smoking. Yeah, my sister-in-law who has cave diving experience is considering learning to weld in order to pick that up, then retire and go be a scuba instructor when she turns 30. Whatever you do, don't let aliens try to use that artificial gravity well to incubate their young. &gt; added depth

Scuba diving resort and harbour DLC confirmed! &gt; Doctors are Cuba's biggest export.

Beat me to it.  Well, it's one of them.

http://blogs.reuters.com/great-debate/2014/12/23/cubas-biggest-export-are-teachers-doctors-not-revolution/ Republic of Cuba ? Looks like something Mark Cuban would do to his jet. For Cuban males, every other word is, "bro."


For females, it's "Liiiike." I don't speak Spanish, but I love Cuba Libre's... good enough? Cubanized nordic flags, or bahamas-ized nordic flags As solid as Mark Cuban's biceps.  And baseball's a demo version of cricket. Doesn't stop America, Canada, Cuba, the Dominican, and Japan from playing it. 

Also like league, it's more entertaining than its counterpart.  There is a reason Park County gets lampooned on Comedy Central on a weekly basis for the last 18 years or so, it's an ass backwards redneck incubator, always has been, always will be.  Nice, I'm enjoying some Cuban Mix at the moment... one of my favorites lately. Lots of their Burley Plug Cut lately too. Jesus Christ, this place is getting too meta for me.

Who do you think killed JFK: Lee Harvey Oswald? The CIA? The Mafia? The Cubans? http://cdn1.sbnation.com/fan_shot_images/47914/cuban2.gif What about Cuban cigars? There's a great and authentic Cuban place next to manatee park in Downtown Melbourne. I think you should share your grandma with me. Please? Mine is a Cuban republican it's difficult lol 😭 Try directly booking with [Cubana](http://www.cubana.cu/home/). I'm looking to go next February and noticed that they fly from Toronto. You can book directly through that site. Does /u/mcuban have any thoughts on this? Guess who's swimming to Cuba! XD As a Cuban, you can't show up on time, because then you wouldn't be able to make a entrance.  Running down to Cuba.. Also? You can still do the scuba tank quest easily! I mean they sent him to Cuba, so that's something. I get what you mean, though  One of my buddies has a Cuban mom, and she's loud and crazy, but she's also awesome. Old Clothes every time we come over. His dad is nuts too, but he's full blooded Austrian, so it's sort of intimidating.  I'm still partial to James Buchanan. South Carolina seceded, and he called a joint session of Congress to address them on prospects for annexing Cuba. The level of denial is almost beautiful. In Cuba, whenever someone means to say "right now" or "hurry up", they say "Ahora (mismo)" which I took to mean "this (same) hour". I find that funny. Also the year that Pac moved to Cuba! I too consider that the end of the best era. "Next week on Silicon Valley more shenanigans from the Incubator"  Also in Cuba Also check boating or scuba shops. They're a marine grade rope as I think zing-it (lash-it, dyneema etc) is actually used as the teather for spear guns. What you are asking is the equivalent of trying to wear an air purifying respirator to scuba dive with.

Air purifying does not equal air supplying.  There are plenty of other acronyms that don't get pronounced the way each individual letter is pronounced. For example 'underwater' in scuba. It's not pronounced skuhba. Also in JPEG the p stand for photographic, but you don't say jfeg.  That pointy-headed Trey Gowdy needs to scuba dive down to the septic tanks and drag up all the shit-paper and he'll finally have all de doocooments he we'quested. Point being ---nothing will ever be good enough. My cousin is half Italian and half Cuban, grew up in Tampa (of course). You would think this dude would be the loudest motherfucker on planet Earth but you can barely hear him when he talks. The U in scuba stands for underwater but we  pronounce it scooba.  &gt; Cuban republican

and Catholic? Probably Pro life as well. Cringes*

Tell her if she cares for you in any way shape or form she will vote for Bernie so you can attend college tuition free. Also, SCUBA.  The U is for "underwater", but it isn't scuh-buh, it's scoo-buh.

And DARPA.  Second A is "agency", but it isn't dar-pay, its dar-puh. I seriously really want to visit Cuba Cubanito12345 got one with me  More like Mark Cuban, but 20 years younger.

You would totally believe me if I told you Mark Cuban had, at one point, dressed up in a costume and tried to stroke his own ego - I mean, fight crime. Mine is also a Cuban Repub....Do we share the same granny? Cuban place is called el ambia. Great food.   That's how much in Cuban Links? The Cuban Sandwich in Melbourne on Babcock is pretty delicious, but they're only sandwiches.  Social Club Account Link: http://socialclub.rockstargames.com/member/affiliate

Car: Most likely my Cuban like Tornado

Have you added the host?: Invite sent :)

Will you be filming?: Too crappy computer, so no :(( &gt; Edit: If you haven't seen his episode where he goes to Cuba, DO IT NOW.

Go find the episode where he went to Finland. It aired back when he was still on NBC before he took Leno's spot.

Funniest hour of television ever IMO. If you want to visit Cuba, how do you know that Cuba doesn't want to visit you? //referencing your username. XD// Interesting story !
By the way, I was in Cuba last week and the foreigner tax doesn't exist anymore. I left from Varadero and my friends from Havana and we didn't pay 25CUC. Taken to an extreme Cuba and North Korea have the highest trade restrictions they also have the worst economies in the world.  Scuba diving. Goddamn collapsing lungs... Keeping it 100 over here.

The Mark Cuban fetish is a little weird tho. http://argentina.ar/2014/04/10/pais-27435-onu-argentina-cuba-y-chile-tienen-las-tasas-de-homicidio-mas-bajas-de-america-latina.php Kevin
Kevin
Kevin
Kevin
Mark Cuban /u/cubanpete26 EV training my Suicune for a RNGed trophy shiny Moltres. OT Jaime right? They take cards via a tablet app. It's a mom and pop type joint. I can say it was excellent food, the Cuban was a really good size with proper mojo marinated pork and was like 8 bucks.  Scuba: self-contained oonderwater breathing apparatus Grandchild of another Cuban Republican abuela. There are literally dozens of us. &gt; it's scoo-buh.

Is it? hearing said like that is annoying for some reason, I always say Scuba. Scoo-ba Socialists will insist that Cuba, the DPRK, Venezuela, etc are all state capitalist countries, and that no socialist country has ever existed. Ridiculous, I know. Funny, Mark Cuban already said on his AMA everything is scripted. Oh that's great, my fiance will be happy to hear that lol
He's coming with me this time. What did you think of Cuba? &gt; Aside from the nonsense Eurocentrism that makes you think that China was a feudal society

He says while assuming 'feudalism' can only refer to Europe...


&gt;when have collective farms ever worked?

Russia, Cuba and Israel, off the top of my head. Have you tried contacting some of the local scuba diving boats? Will be tricky but they might agree to it. 

Sundiver, Asante (might be little small) are couple which come to my mind. 
 The Cuban/Haitian population in Florida is exploding. They are moving into neighborhoods and becoming dangerous. Attacks and mauling have become more frequent.  Looks interesting.  I won't be experiencing it, but it looks interesting.

One thing though, SCUBA divers don't usually user their arms like that.   You guys don't do the same with pastelitos?

I'm (cuban-)American, bring pastelitos to soothe the ham-beasts. I'm not going to lie; a huge part of why I want to take Latin Dancing is because there was a lot of it in Cuba, and I want to be semi ok at it when I go back next year. That's also why I am trying to learn Spanish. Well it costs Cuba the most per capita gdp of any country by a long shot. The name is a reference to being an avid SCUBA diver.  The rank is Chief Master Sergeant. I was under the impression that it was the American reaction to said government takeover that nearly caused the war.  The Americans placed missiles as close to the USSR as Cuba was to the US. Went to the show just before he aired the Cuba thing. After the regular show was over they kept us behind and showed a couple of segments from the Cuba show to get audience reactions. It was hysterical.  I would think that if the air temp in the incubator rose from 100 to 120 in the course of 5 minutes, that the actual temperature of the eggs would have only risen 2 or 3 in that amount of time. The Mexican government wishes to inform Cuba that Colombia has been removed from the FACC group. &gt;  the idea of a drug cartel on Castro's soil kidnapping tourists is unimaginable.

That's because Castro works with foreign cartels so they have nothing to win by fucking with Cuba.

 Highly recommend the Columbia Restaurant on St. George St. in historic St. Augustine - really delicious Cuban style food and glorious white wine sangria by the pitcher made fresh at your table. Also second the Iceplant.  How/when do people make the call: angel/seed, incubator, or accelerator?  My favourite track from his [Essential Mix](https://soundcloud.com/jina4/scuba-essential-mix-09-may-2015) the other day Email this to Mark Cuban pls I conquered my fear of swimming in open ocean and snorkeled/scuba dived in the Great Barrier Reef. Also pushed my body beyond the limits I thought I had and accomplished my first half marathon.

Fuck yeah 2015! Tem servido de desenvolvimento social para outros países também, onde investiu mais no porto de Cuba que o governo brasileiro fez no Brasil nos últimos 10 anos. É triste. Cuba also has just 2% of Latin America's population, but 11% of its scientists. The guy walks into a doctor's office. They doctor says, "Where did you get that?"

The eagle answers "Cuba." Message elCUBANOtx Cuba isn't particularly big, 39000 standing army would be a little insane. Such a stranhe picture. It looks like a field with a bridge in the background and a scuba diver floating in mid air. Must be very clear water. But wasn't that because the US drew a line around the sovereign nation of Cuba and said no one gets in, no one gets out?  In other words, it's not the Communism that caused the almost-war, but the US's response to it. https://plus.google.com/117044499118128621665/about?gl=us&amp;hl=en this the place?

i have only had saltado in the past few years at el rincon in i think culver city, a cuban place. i really enjoyed it and would love to try it at another place. You lucky bastard...  Now give me a cubano! Maybe Mastadon? A buddy of mine told me about some scuba diving locations off NC where these things are everywhere Mark Cuban one on one AMA with Steve Nash confirmed! But why Cuba? * NATO: North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NAH-to?)
* Scuba: self-contained underwater breathing apparatus (SCUH-baah?)
* Laser: light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation (LAH-seer?)
* Taser: Thomas A. Swift's electric rifle (TAY-seer?) If you want to be fancy you can call it a Cuba Libre. Probably something Cuban or Russian, given the date of origin. Haha. Off the Cuban topic but have you tried Da Kine Diegos in satellite not far south of cocoa beach? Dem burritos are to die for. I have never seen someone arguing your point with the first letter jpg, scuba, darpa, nato, they are never the pronunciation of the first letter that is not aligned with the words they stand for. [M] Cuba* Like the last time I went SCUBA diving... while eating... captain crunch. SAME! One of the best medical schools on the planet is in Havana Cuba. Cuckoo bird!

The ol' egg swap game... Get another bird to incubate its eggs... Yeah I hate how people pronounce SCUBA as "SCOOHBAH" instead of "SCUHBUH".

Self-Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus. It's "UNDERWATER" not "OONDERWATER".

Right? SCUBA = "scuh-buh" then?

Self Contained UNDERWATER (not OONDERWATER) Breathing Apparatus The Cuban is easily my favorite plane ever. Cuba Gooding Jr is currently killing it as a coked-out parody of himself on Comedy Central's "Big Time in Hollywood FL" ~~Wiki says that three of Cubanate's songs were used in Grand Turismo (1996), and this song, 'Sucker', came out in 1993 so it's possible.~~

Edit: Nope. Just checked the soundtrack and it's not included. Y fueron muchas en Cuba, manda huevos... Cubans having no Indian ancestry... Bullshit. The last remaining Tequesta people were enslaved and sent to Cuba.  Yeah, just like SCUBA and LASER...

oh wait... no... you're completely wrong. &gt;The Cubans were the best I've had outside of Miami.

Funny you say this since Cubans were invented in Tampa. You must not eat Cubans very often around here.  Studio One v3 could well be the update that pulls me away from Cubase. I can finally stand to look at the Studio One interface, and the workflow is outstanding. THE MIAMI CUBANS!!!!!!! The incubation stage for HIV?  Tell him that VR looks like the real world through scuba goggles, but everything is replaced with computer game graphics. Miami is literally just flash.

It's neon lights, bleached beaches, and nods to Cuba.

New Orleans is a city with history that far predates the U.S. and incredible culture, and yes. Delicious food.  Venezuela gives Cuba oil.  Cuba gives Venezuela doctors.  Longstanding trade relationship. So then insert the necessary tubes, provide the necessary incubators or face charges of medical neglect and potentially homicide.  

Just as anyone else would for refusing their child necessary food, water or medical treatment.

Problem solved. Blow it up like a tuba, while I'm ballin' in Cuba.
Doing judo moves and schooling every communist сука. Cuba is disgusted by this new development.  3/5 Cuban

=D Emily ate a Cuban sandwich 10/10 would rewind and watch again. So much effort writing up a rule that still only accounts for one of the two examples given above, but not the other (*scuba*), unless you are insisting that saying *scuba* like everyone says it is wrong. Cubanito12345 got 2 level 34 Titan  Cubanito12345 got another Ima 34 Titan crota cp  Finally Cuba opens their eyes and can see clearly.  Why did it take Cuba so long to see what was going on?  Hawai'i nei expresses interest in buying all of Cuba's available aircraft as well as 50 of T-55/54 tanks. If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? If you saw the word scuba, had never heard it before, and had no idea it was an acronym, how would you pronounce it? THAT takes precedence. Gif is one of the rare acronyms where there are two equally valid pronunciations. [No he didn't...
](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/15doqt/mark_cuban_this_is_my_ama/c7lkgnl)


 http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/05/06/404648523/u-s-approves-ferry-service-from-florida-to-cuba The "u" in "SCUBA" makes an "uh" sound so going by the graphic=Gif argument it should be scuhbaa poor reasoning. once you HAVE heard about SCUBA and learned it is an acronym, then what? are you still going to say scoobah or will you say scubbah like the root words *inform* you to?  Probably will be like Cuba where all the wealthy leave the country and nothing gets better for the poor. I'll wait for this revolution, in the mean time. Only one year of welfare.
 [M] May I ask why Cuba, a communist country, is supporting a capitalist country's war against a communist rebellion? 第3楽章の混乱が凄まじい。6本のトランペットのうちの3本の位相を反転して、ようやく普通に聞こえる状態へ持ち込んだ。

とにかくcubaseでの再生で縦がズレる。これ、検索してみると鳴りっぱなしとか良くあるようで、cubaseの持病っぽいな。でも、今まではズレてなかったんだよな。新音源入れるまでは。 Cuban Island Restaurant in Indialantic is really good!  Technically not all vaccines are given before infection. [Cuba](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/05/14/cuba-lung-cancer-vaccine_n_7267518.html) has a Lung Cancer vaccine that is meant to put the virus on hold. (sorry for the none anime related info...) Guantanamo is in Cuba, make it an entry point for cuban "refugees", with heavily relaxed entry requirements. I'm sure the republicans would just love letting in millions of brown people While I'm also a hard g-er, that argument doesn't hold much weight. We pronounce all sorts of acronyms differently than the letters' sound in their root words. NASA, SCUBA, NATO, etc. There's also a chance we'll go to war with Spain over Cuba again, but that doesn't mean it's actually going to happen. I remember a Cracked article about it when I was first getting into scuba diving. It's been on my list since. Too bad I don't live in Germany anymore. Well, is not me, Cuba has produced one of the best music in this world. Also GE is latin pop, CC is salsa and CS is guajira and guaracha, so all different styles. 複数kontaktの縦がずれる現象の構造を脳内描画してみたいが、原因が見当たらない。結局マルチコア使用状態と同じということになっているのかな。その場合、cubaseをシングルコアで走らせれば良いのか？それは明らかに重くなりそうで試したくないが、実験と思ってやってみるか。この実験には最低20分間が消費される。 cubaseのマルチプロセスを無効にしたらasio guardが無効になったので、試す必要もなくなった。 can we see the cuban lights plz? kthx How about a nice big helping of Cuban Breakfast?  THE CUBAN BLOOPER If I can't SCUBA, then what's this all about? We removed our missiles from Turkey as part of the agreement for the soviets to pull theirs from Cuba. The joint chiefs of staff wanted to nuke Cuba.   "If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?" So can Tomás' nickname be Cuban sandwich or nah  Cuban missile is taken. Everthing else is fair game! But...in scuba, U stands for underwater, but we don't say "scuh-bah," we say "Scoo-bah." And with NASA, A is aeronautical. I've never heard it pronounced "nay-suh." Just saying... It's was actually Lee Harvey Oswald's Cuban cousin who works for the CIA as an undercover mafia hitman.  Cuba will take 10. Paying 1.5 cost, if necessary to supercede Mexico's request. Unfortunately we cannot do this, citing Cuba's recent near conflicts with Canada and their uncooperative tendencies. We would be willing to sell some of our F-16s however, for $18 million as well. Too circlejerky? It's literally a subreddit devoted to one subject. Do you go into /r/scuba and ask if they can turn down the enthusiasm?  Cuban Cigars. a lil cuban breakfast just so we don't get too serious C'mon. Tampa Bay's got a great food scene, but Miami is leagues above it. Tia's is great because the sandwich is the best I've had in the area, but it's still not as good as the cuban from Las Olas down in Miami. [m] It was before you took over

-----

We are referring to Cuba's attempted invasion of the Dominica. Regardless, acknowledging the change in Cuba's government, we are willing to sell our F-16Ds. If I can't scuba what's this All been about!? Rolled up in a joint? I'd like to think the guy was chilling with a cuban cigar while he was enjoying the ride "If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? What am I working toward?" No I don't enter the place again. Also, /r/scuba seems pretty down to earth. They're not dicks about their interest and don't plaster it as the best thing since Roger Ebert died.  Pitbull is Cuban so that's kinda fitting.  She breeds fancy cats and he's a licensed scuba instructor.  Nobody said Gordo's yet? Noon games suck, get a cuban. Don't forget the Gordo's sauce. Now serving:

##CUBAN BREAKFAST Need to go get me a Cuban sandwich tomorrow  dat RBI was some Cuban on Cuban crime SCUBA would be SCUHBA because the U is for Underwater If I can't scuba, what's this all been about? What have I been working towards. Nasa + everglades plus cocaine smuggling post apocalypse and Commie Cuba. Cashman usually passes on Cubans.   But, this one has been compared to Andruw Jones, who Cash simple adores.    Can confirm...though my experience was with cuban/spanish music I was a preemie in remote Ontario that still used older incubators.  My eyesight was quite damaged, fortunately not blind.  I have marks on my teeth from my mom being on antibiotics while she was pregnant with me too. Who said that acronyms have to be pronounced the way they're spelled?

You say SCUBA but you don't pronounce Underwater "oonderwater", and I'm pretty sure you don't say Scuhba. I use Cubase, but if it would be easier in FL Studios then I'd probably download it. Thanks! Shhhh, us scuba divers have known about this place forever.  Dont' tell anyone.

:)

 This is a good TED talk on ELAM and how powerful a force it is for healthcare in the developing world

https://www.ted.com/talks/gail_reed_where_to_train_the_world_s_doctors_cuba?language=en Not as solid as Mark Cuban's biceps.  That was back in October or november, whenever Matt was in Cuba, so I don't think that's the one he's thinking of You'd better hold onto your scuba suit as well.... What will you do if it rains....? Most of the stickers themselves are made in Taiwan/Cuba and merely have the "Made in China" printed on them in China.  Needs more Cuban food. &gt; *To the many people who would have beds to sleep in and houses for shelter where before they had nothing, living standards would have taken a pretty goddamn big leap, wouldn't you say?*

As they had in the USSR, the PRC, the DPRK, and Cuba. "That may work in Cuba, but it's not going to work here" -  Krukow on Guerrero's deke.  North Florida (Tallahassee and such) is more redneck, while South Florida (Miami-ish) is more Cuban. Best thing about being a scuba diver, is you can go and actually look to see what brushed your leg. Its usually a fish that didnt see you in the dark So you pronounce scuba "skuh-bah"? Would've thought Cuba. I think Cubase is what you're looking for. I love how diverse Soderbergh is, he's not afraid to make a film about the Cuban revolution or male strippers. Boats! Scuba gear! Fuck yeah! List of modern communist nations.           
----
Cuba          What do you think the graves in the prison are places of rest? They are incubators for new abomination made from the hollowed out bodies of their victims.  Cuba is fairly nice, as well. Well, Cesar Romero was Cuban… Actually her fetish was pretending to jack you off while her real BF was underwater in scuba gear doing it.

U got catfisted homeboy Would  you prefer a source that isnt right wing?  how about this? http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/21/fidel-castro-lived-like-king-cuba
 Or are you going to dismiss anything critical of him as "right wing news"? Philippines out bid you for the aircraft but you can still by the tanks for $37.5 million.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba That would be $75 million.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba That would be $75 million.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba Rats I would have guessed Cuba That would be $37.7 million.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba Cuba congratulates Ms Cedeño de Fernández on the results of the election. Lets hope this leads the Dominican Republic to greater times. I can make boats out of cardboard that can hold 12+ people. I'm not Cuban, so this doesn't help me.  &gt; If I had to pick a country that has worse internet than the US, it's probably Cuba.

Try Africa. Corruption, incompetence, ignorance and paranoia all play a part. 
&gt;&gt;If I had to pick a country that has worse internet than the US, it's probably Cuba.

&gt;Try Africa. Corruption, incompetence, ignorance and paranoia all play a part.

Africa is a continent, not a country. first off what kind of DAW (Digital Audio Workstation) do you use? like FL studio, Logic, Cubase, pro tools? Alright... Cuba! What about Demi Moore?  It seems like she peaked in the 90s. Cuba Gooding Jr. comes to mind as well. Have you tried universities or marine based stores? My university (CSU) will allow us to have classes, and we used to offer classes at a scuba diving store. Get married

Have a career that I enjoy

Own a house

Swim naked

See the northern lights

Climb a mountain

Fly in a wingsuit

Scuba dive by a corral reef

Write a book

Travel and see as much of the world as possible No, no. You actually brought some fresh perspective to the dungeon. What made you guys opt for a) current incubator and b) an incubator in the first place (vs funds/accelerators)? Cubans, but they prefer "pancito" over biscotti. It's the best explanation of VR I've ever seen. This idea of making shape of scuba dive mask works. 

 What's next? Freedom Blend coffee from Cuba?  Well not everyone wanted to be an astronaut or a scuba diver at some point. Cuba has been in some episodes of Big Time in Hollywood, FL and has been absolutely crushing it. Can you elaborate on the scam? We have not booked our Phi Phi island trip, snorkeling, scuba diving, etc. yet and plan to do it once there.  Nothing mentioned about the piano roll :( can anyone with decent experience with S1 give me some thoughts on the piano roll? I love FL for the piano roll but we're looking to switch to either S1 or Cubase. If this kid turns out to be the real deal it proves one thing...that Cuba will keep churning these guys out.  Quit losing sleep over missing out on one of these guys. But she's cuban I can car pool from Cubao. Is Mark Cuban as big an ass as he seems to be?  We thank Cuba for its message and hope that our countries cooperate further in the future. That would be $62.5 million.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba cuba
 So these "things" are incubating under the leaf of the first plant I've ever had any success with - a sage. What could they be? And how to do I get rid of them before they hatch? Yeah my statement was more for the 13-25 year old Miami Cubans.  a que si...pero no contrargumentas ninguna. 

Viva cuba libre del comunismo, no? que es el que ha empobrecido a su poblacion... Time for cheap vacations in Cuba, all inclusive with complimentary cigars. Well that still requires a change in US law, which currently prohibits citizens from traveling to Cuba without being authorized for a few specific categories. I'm not really a club going guy but here's my 0.02 PLN:

-Cuba Libre, light music, lots of 30-40 people looking to score,

-8 bitów - Venue popular with EDM fans, 

-Czekolada,

-Słodownia.  Im scared as hell of it though. Im a scuba diver (only got the openwater brevet, but still) and Id be scared shitless to dive caves. Even just having a big overhang over me is not easy An acronym is a set of initials that is pronounced as a word, like SCUBA or NAMBLA. EDM doesn't fulfill that requirement Conan said that he wanted to do travel comedy shows like his cuba ep. That would be glorious.  I didn't touch the beat so I have no idea, I didn't notice anything
but I did just start using Cubase so I might have ducked something up by accident lol Hyman Roth, one of the main characters in the second film, is entirely made up for the movie.

Going to Cuba, the main plot for the second film, was not in the book. /u/RagingRoyal /u/theoddcuban ああ、incubaterの関係なのか？　すいません、直します。

ManheadMerchLLC と SideStepLLCは別の会社と扱っているけど、アメリカではよく、リスクとファンディング関係で同じ人が働いて別会社にしているので、ウチとしては同じ会社扱いなので、誤解を招く書き込みをしてごめんなさい。 US: "Could you operate an embassy without the minimum number of people required to operate it?"

Cuba: "Uh... no?"

It seems like we're just being silly in a "jesus christ, just take this seriously" sort of way. At least that's what I got out of it. It is a dumb sign, because is some cultures, lots of sugar in coffee is just the norm.  My Cuban friends usually add three sugars just to start.....

And no, I don't dare criticize their choice.

Maybe the cafe owner is trying to save $$$ on sugar. The Conan Cuba special was the best Conan episode I've seen in a very long time! I loved it so much! I worked their  about a year  ago i can confirm the cubards behind the counter are poorly maintained and have bugs its distribing. I can answere any questions if asked  -10.25, -10.5  They don't make prescription goggles, scuba masks that high. I would imagine every cruise line that operates out of the US is pushing congress pretty hard to allow unrestricted travel to Cuba.  My interpretation: Legit box from a trusted source that would have otherwise been seen as an obvious fake.

aka "Cuba being Cuba" Would love to try this: http://www.famous-smoke.com/best+of+cuban+heritage+sampler+cigars/item+49301 . Thank you! So if this happened, would it be as easy to go to Cuba as say... Lithuania? Or any other country for that matter? And regular air service?  Get my ass out of my chair.
The brightness of my computer screen kind of works like the light of an incubator on me. I seem to need it to live. I don't read a lot of Hacker News, but I had to get an account to apply to ycombinator's startup incubator. Shouldn't it be full of tech entrepreneurs? &gt; their strong Cuban base in Florida

I'm pretty sure that their Cuban base in Florida absolutely *despises* this idea. I spent some time living in my cousin's house and she's married with a cuban. The only "quirks" that I noticed was that he and his family used a lot of anglicisms and had a rather different cadence. Oh is that so? I finished one when i was younger and puked but I just thought that had to do with being a teenager. What size would you suggest? and please feel free to recommend a good beginner cigar, If its a cuban you can probably get it here.  The Giants broadcast said something like "hah that might have worked in Cuba, but not here!"  That would be amazing. His Finland episode was probably my favorite of his NBC times, and the Cuba episode is my favorite in a long time since the switch.  Sure the older generation, but the younger Cubans are not as opposed to this. Does Cuba want Guantanamo closed? The whole island is kind of like Guantanamo, they might want to see what they can learn. How long, if ever, until we see an end to the embargo, so it's as easy to go to Cuba as it is to Canada? Congress is controlled by the republican party and I don't see them wanting to end the embargo. I would start with, You cannot, under any circumstances, breathe underwater without scuba gear.  This should help some people survive the water. I know a couple of young Cuban Americans that are staunchly against it. I guess on the whole they're for it, but there are plenty of 20  somethings that have sided with their parents on this issue. Maybe your kind can stop caring so much about America and get a new joke. You could be happy that Cubans will have more opportunities and could get out of poverty easier now. Obsession is one of the greatest forms of flattery  Don't forget how proud he is of getting kicked out "on purpose" because of all the baby killing he saw... in cuba... while on gate guard It dropped back down to 99% in the Incubator, but fingers crossed it happens today! Do you have a shortwave radio and have not run into them yet? I get absolutely blasted the HM01 "Cuban Lady" number station a few times a day, I can receive it with no antenna... Might be my location, I'm in Atlanta, GA. where i live there is a nice  cuban cafe and its off a walking distance from me.i could set a date there if she says yes  Scuba actually sounds good, so I can see why people pronounce it that way.

Jif, though, yuck. Entonces Cuba es pobre solo desde el 96 que es cuando se aprueba la Ley, antes era un ejemplo de prosperidad y libertad...lo tuyo si que es ignorancia.

 Why is the Chief out of the base perimeter? Doesn't he know that's illegal?! AND He's not in uniform?!? He must be getting paid by the CIA to invade Cuba! Dirtycuban55 "Guy from Cuba"

No &gt; Also, when did Cuba ever close up

Wow...it must be nice. I don't care about a check but if you start a business in Cuba now how long till it gets confiscated. See that's the problem you have to build trust in order for Business to work. Dude his own daughter has said the same thing http://www.amazon.com/Castros-Daughter-Exiles-Memoir-Cuba/dp/031224293X How many more sources do you need to have your mind changed?  With regard to voice recording: you could run full ableton, cubase or logic on Surface 3 with ease:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNkNEFlUtEk

 The US harbors Cuban terrorists to this day. Cuba should totes be able to massacre American civilians. They call me cuban pete I'm glad I got to visit Cuba before the yanks turn it into a theme park. This is my favorite for Cuban. The Ropa there is amazing and the spicy pico he uses is the best. That's a good question. I'm Cuban American lol. Sorry for the misunderstanding.  I could scuba dive in that. That actually sounds like a lot of fun. Horribly impracticable, but fun.  First, welcome. 

Second, where are you in Canada? I can't really speak for anywhere besides Southwest Ontario. 

If you're talking more Cubans, you could ask in /r/cubancigars, too.  Same thing can be said from every damned countries in the G8. What's your point?

I bet that more houses/businesses were seized under Imminent Domain in the States than Cuba ever did.  Lol it would be pretty cool if we could get an ama with a lawyer practicing in Cuba. It wasn't Cuba keeping the embargo going, it was the U.S. The embargo is being lifted because the Cold War is over and nobody cares anymore. Cubas not closed up either, people from all over the world go there. Ask the Vietnamese how cordial it was. Or the Cubans. Or the Koreans. For anyone who may be interested, [Scuba's upcoming gigs.](http://gigs.gigatools.com/user/ScubaOfficial) Ready to smother any passing scuba samurai. They've actually got a decent biotech industry going, invented some new vaccines and whatnot.
Source here: http://www.who.int/features/2013/cuba_biotechnology/en/ [Not so much anymore](http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/cuba-embargo-obama-backlash/) Im in minneapolis... so a lot of minnetonka dives cause its close.... lots of good iron ore mine pits north of mille lacs in crosby and other towns up there.... usually post more info and videos at www.mnscuba.com The New York state bar seems cool with a Cuba vacation: https://www.nysba.org/Cubanotes/ Which parts of Cuba did you go to? Have you covered a significant part of the island? Did you find any place where you were forbidden to go into? Did you talk with some regular cuban citizen? Did you ask him/her how life is in Cuba? /r/scuba New to cigars so would love to try the [Best Of Cuban Heritage Sampler](http://www.famous-smoke.com/best+of+cuban+heritage+sampler+cigars/item+49301). Thanks! The embargo on Cuba ending. I want to go to the store and buy Cohibas and Havana Club. Scuba gear seems a little excessive when a snorkel would do almost as well, but I guess if you've got the gear... I can't say from my hardware, my dial is incredibly inaccurate, and it's so close I pick it up on multiple frequencies, but this 'oughta tell you!

www.priyom.org

On HM01 "The Cuban Lady" Specifically:

http://priyom.org/number-stations/digital/hm01 You'll eventually be able to buy them legally. But at this point, there's no real reason to. All the Cuban cigar makers who made Cubans what they were fled to Honduras a long time ago. Who is in Cuba? Incubator just reminds me of Silicon Valley... I agree. I also thought it was hilarious how nice his house was, the clothes he was wearing and the millions in cash and drugs he had stashed in his safe.. Marvelous cameo, I was kind of hoping he would get the better of the one handed Cuba. *she

It is a known fact that only the female mosquito draws blood in order to incubate her eggs. The Cuban diner is great. It's fun to do in the Cuban.

I like that plane a lot for some reason. Maybe the headlights on the wings.  It's here! (At least according to the incubator, but I still couldn't add it.) The scuttlebutt is that Honduran cigars are machine-made.  I toured a cigar factory in Havana in March and I can attest to the fact that Cuban cigars are hand-rolled. yet people still smuggle Cuban cigars, I have a feeling that story is more likely promoted by the Honduran cigar makers, it seems a bit improbable that ALL the good cigar makers either fled or had time to, surely some stayed put. Yes they are.  Made with the finest tobacco in the world too.  :)  I expect Cuban cigars will make their way into the US market via distribution deals.  There are many trademark fights to go through first though.   Well I will go for educational purposes. I wish to learn about the the history of Cuban rum and cigars.  We're going to Cuba! I am super excited.  Probably not. You'll still need a visa to enter Cuba unless the United States miraculously gets a visa free regime from the Cuban government  Thanks for sharing. In a way that does sound like a nice thing, although I can understand the opposition to it. I can say as an American who lives in NYC going to Cuba where there is no advertising or brand names was shocking.  Did you even read the article? The servers they were analyzing were in Morocco, Cuba, etc. Nothing was in the U.S.  Yeah the Dodo isn't the best. I just like to drive on water :). The Cuban is amazing though. Scuba Steve at it again... Maybe he was just pissed they stopped serving breakfast. well you said the US made the blockade so I'm reminding you Cuba accepted and set up those Russian missiles, what the hell would you expect from the US? Cuban cigars almost here! :D Along with a million Cuban illegals. some people don't like the respirators for scuba/snorkel. This is a dome so you just breathe normally.  I can get an HdM in any store I choose...but it ain't a Cuban. Sweet, I would Love to visit Cuba!!! i had no idea that cubans also have the same verlan system as france. i think argentina does as well.

thanks for those links AAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHA, not this old folk tale again.

Cuban tobacco is different because Cuban soil is different. Same for Nicaraguan soil, Honduran soil, Dominican, Brazilian, Costa Rican, Sumatran, Ecuadoran, Cameroon........... What are some of the best pieces of business advice you've received from Mark Cuban and how could a young entrepreneur implement them? If you want a good scare watch The Fog of War.

Its an extended interview with McNamara. The part about the Cuban missile crisis will give you the willies When I did scuba we all did it with jeans. They actually work really well as when they're wet they hold air surprisingly well. 

It was pretty much as buoyant as a water skiing vest.  Mine are. Muah ha ha ha ha ha. 
But seriously the Cuban hoyos are sublime. Fuck yes.

*Side scroller* 

Awh:(

Edit: I would just love an online scuba diving game to go explore the ocean with my buds I've heard so much about the Cuban missile crisis, but somehow, never this.

For the lazy:

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Man_Who_Saved_the_World
 Dunno - Prince looks pretty good in "cuban heels" and full eyeliner. He pulls it off very well just like some of other male rock stars do - John Taylor, David Bowie, Benjamin Orr... &gt; Washington lies about everything.

Don't forget the "*sob* They threw babies out of incubators to die! *sob*" bullshit story. It's a classic. Anything to get the public to support the war for more free oil!
 Not surprisingly, *Chef* was written and directed by Favreau. That being said, it's a great movie and now I want a Cuban Sandwich. Probably his ring gear though that would be nitpicking. It looks a little scuba diver-ish but it's unique at least.  Looks like I'll be delaying my scuba dive this weekend... Funny this, America fucked Cuba over big time the last couple of decades, and they still present this is if it's from the goodness of their hearts. 
Cuba, please make sure there aren't 15 Wall-Marts and 150 Starbucks's when I revisit you!  Crimson Tide is a great movie, but it's not based on the Cuban Missile Crisis. The plot is quite different. The FARC-EP, upon hearing news of this, urged the peacekeeping corps and the UN to take action upon Cuba for secretly continuing to move troops and give the Colombian government military aid through the cease fire [meta] i'm fairly certain the cubans would stick out like bad cigars among the Colombian military. especially with a large wave of 1,500 volunteers.  Is that what this really is? Or is it for people who aren't scuba certified?   Germany commends these actions and upon Mexico's request will fill in Cuba's position in the peacekeeping force. You'd figure there's thousands of gun smiths on earth who are perfectly capable of maintaining AKs and making more ammo. Get some Cuban mechanics and you're all set. Oh dear god, I go scuba diving and even though I know I won't work on or in oil rigs, it still made my blood go cold The Cuban people are still prisoners and Obama hob nobs with dictators. I was thinking about that and if it was a waste of time.  I just figured as the Hotel assassination was now maybe it was worth it.

Maybe i'll just do the scuba missions with Michael and just make him rich until the end assassinations then. This was a nice gem too

&gt;when have collective farms ever worked?
&gt;Russia, Cuba and Israel, off the top of my head

Using Russia as an example of successful agricultural policies. Top kek. I would be pissed if Kronke bought the Broncos.  The only person I'd want to ever buy the team is Mark Cuban. Balloon blowing? Scuba diving? I don't know, anything that increases lung capacity or diaphragm strengthening. But more than likely... they didn't So "Nuanced view" = anti Cuban government view. Makes perfect sense.  http://imgur.com/ysRsMDJ

This is me smoking a Cuban sigar at a tobacco farm in Cuba. 😎 and the scuba diver doesn't sit on the bench for a picture... What a waste Unfortunately, my favorite player, Yasiel "Cuban God" Puig  Yeah it's an alternative to scuba that doesn't need as much training.  10m deep is pretty deep for a snorkel. If you want to see any fine details or touch the bottom, scuba gear would be very helpful. It does take a while, but they've started reaching out to the community to add new languages. You can checkout incubator.duolingo.com to see upcoming languages and their progress. I'm not vouching for Belarus' dictatorship, but by objective measures, like 30-40% of the U.S. population would be better off living in Cuba. U.S. is only a nice country if you are wealthy or part of the professional class. He seems to dislike cuban batters, Puig, Guerrero. Its Da Bat Flip. &gt; The US has a similar rule for refugees from Cuba.

But no such rule for refugees fleeing real danger and poverty in Central America. It seems disgusting to me.  If this is how Cuba feels about groups trying to topple governments. Then please, we ask the Cuban government to help us in our fight against rebels in Bahrain.  Raekwon always be sayin som nigga sound like another nigga like onn only built 2 Cuban linx he calls out biggie for soundin like nas but he dont the lolz keep on coming.

i'd love to live in Cuba. not research infrastructure through.

the old immigration argument ... never gets tired does it ... very simplistic argument.  [Get full skid plates, they said. You can go *anywhere* you want, they said.](http://iruntheinternet.com/lulzdump/images/Subaru-Impreza-under-water-frozen-lake-scubaru-1361560191i.jpg) At least in Cuba you only have to deal with the rudeness of the Quebeckers. I've heard that Cuba is pretty racially divided. From documentaries and stuff, and it fits with the general Latino culture which tends to be pretty racist in general. Total Mark Cuban move.  The chemistry on this team is such an asset. I would never want to ruin that.  It may come as a shock, but you can dislike Cuba's policies and think the US is hypocritical for its relationship with Saudi Arabia. There is no excuse for the US's relationship with either. Yep.

~Signed Raúl Castro, President of Cuba

 I'd rather go to Cuba than Lithuania... Checkmate, Latvians.  I guess he hates Cubans according to them I definitely thought he was going to kill Cuba after his hand blew off but I thought it was just as funny that Cuba choked him to death I usually gravitate towards Nicaraguans. Got more exposure to Cubans after the embargo lift and they're really not impressive compared to a relatively affordable Nicaraguan.  The Soviet Union. Cuba. North Korea. Hey /u/cubanpete26 I can give you a trophy shiny delibird to add to your offer, I think they would definitely accept your offer then!!! Bill Clinton

Mark Cuban

Barbara Bush I completely agree.. it's odd that most of the pictures of people swimming at this location are always in scuba stuff.  I get that it's cold but how about some free diving love? the lack of Americans was what made Cuba great I'm early 20's and you don't have to tell me that. But then again I don't look to Bill Gates, Jobs, and Zuckerberg as business/entrepreneur role models. I'm more a fan of Mark Cuban.  &gt; THIS is going to ruin Cuba, just like those crappy Mexican American tourist destinations.

Most of Cuba is a shit hole. Most of the Yucatan is not. Just sayin'. Maybe this? 
http://www.designincubationcentre.com/homepage/rolypoly/ Was expecting cuban pete. Pleasantly surprised. Kevin Costner's on-again, off-again English accent in Robin Hood. Or Kevin Costner's shitty Boston accent in that movie about the Cuban Missile Crisis. Or Kevin Costner's cartoonish Texas accent in JFK. Costner's like the Bizarro Meryl Streep. *I should mention that I'm not studying scuba diving*.  Cubans automatically become residents, they can't be "illegals" [Foreign tourists are flocking to visit Cuba before the Americans move in and ruin it](http://www.businessinsider.com/tourists-want-to-visit-cuba-before-americans-ruin-it-2015-3)

As a bit of a world traveller I can confirm this. It's like he sits in an incubator 24/7 when not playing LPL games, pooling his energy for Worlds. &gt; Remember that Cuba is the most censored country in the Western hemisphere and one of the most censored overall. 

Sorry, I think you spelled "America" wrong.  Virgin islands have better rum than cuba Can Mark Cuban afford it? No. Squirrels are incapable of surviving the incubation period of rabies. There has never been a recorded case of a squirrel carrying or transmitting rabies. Not once. Ever. He has a lot of skins, but they're all over the place in quality. Crap like Hillbilly or Scuba, and gold like Fnatic or Oktoberfest Graggy. Currently stationed in Cuba. Can confirm there is currently no baby killing.  I can't wait until our Cuban reinforcements arrive/ Sounds like cuba. Except America never commited democide against Cubans, and isn't killing Cubans to this day in an effort to conquer territory. 29 Year old with Cuban parents.

If I see things are OK, I will move to Cuba without hesitation and open up a Cuban branch of my business on the island. funny I was in Cuba in December and through the internet of the hotel I was in I was not blocked from any site.

I'm not sure your information is accurate  I love their news site. Fidel Castro has a daily column on Cubas website that isn't really comedic like our Glorious Leader's, but it's pretty interesting. This show is completely fucking deranged....and I love every minute of it. This is the best Cuba performance since Jerry Maguire and that's not an exaggeration. I can't recommend this show any more than I already have to anybody that will listen to me. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Project Tannehill is obviously a cuban sandwich.  Marc Cuban would like a word.  Thank you! I have a go pro and gopole (selfie stick) that i take scuba diving/snowboarding and all my friends give me so much shit for it. Its different when your doing cool shit 
  The hotels, which are for foreign tourists, have much more open internet compared to the ISPs for Cuban citizens. Cubans can now theoretically use internet in some of the hotels, but affording the internet cards is a whole other issue. Yep Shorts are great too.  Split a cab with a few guys here a couple months back.  Honestly Cuba has the market cornered on short smokes IMO... just so many great perlas and minutos to choose from. A lot of Republicans from the midwest (Dakotas, MN, IA, IL) are very much in favor of opening up Cuba to allow more agricultural trade. Cuba is interesting because it doesn't fall exactly along party lines like many other issues. tell the person who runs your incubator your idea, and ask him for advice on how to start. even if they're not officially incubating you, they can and will still offer advice.  I missed the Canada Cuba game. Who won? They can't buy a run because they've spent it all throwing money at Cubans. The US has diplomatic ties with countries all over the world. Diplomatic ties do not mean Cubans would be citizens of the US.  they are really good sandwiches. Plus the ability to order ahead online is huge, and if you are in a real hurry the grab-and-go prepped sandwiches are still pretty choice. Big fan of the Boars Head cuban.
 Cuba Libre virgin from a dirty glass. Real name: a Belgian company specialising in poultry incubators, about 20km southwest of Ghent.

User name: a Dunedin art dealer. Key fact in that story was I had a scuba mask on. So other then the police officer who was keeping a close eye on me, no one knew who I was. That's not what I said though, I'm just saying this http://immigration.about.com/od/immigrationlawandpolicy/a/U-S-Allows-Cuban-Migrants-Different-Treatment.htm I don't know why you're getting downvoted. Cuba ' s beaches are pristine and beautiful.  It will only be a matter of a few years before they're bought, blocked and built on with huge mega resorts. Hey Kevin!  How are you?  Scuba diving is cool.  I wish I could do it.  The class at my college is all filled up (unlike your tanks..) for the first semester, so I'll have to wait till the second one.   No, but if you get two in a mission (and that has happened to me, I know from experience) only a single egg will end up in the incubator, the other is just lost to the void I suppose. Canadian here. Cubans are still considered the top.  Probably. A lot of republicans are not happy with this move, and we have a Cuban American senator running for president on the Republican side...sooooo Scubadiving for the Rascal Crowd. You thought being a fat pig meant yo had to stay inside? Nope, thanks to the Rascal. What about where you can't take the Rascal, in the ocean? The all new SubRascal! Now with tip-assist!  Canada has now taken 9 straight from Cuba over the course of the last week. Seriously we need his sexy Cuban explosions... Does anyone else hate the cast? 

Cuba Gooding JR - Snowdogs

John Travolta - *GAG*

David Schwimmer - the worst FRIENDS character
 My favorite cheap cigarillo is the Capones but they are basically cigarettes. Otherwise buy a tin of Arturo Fuente Cubanitos online. They are a cigarillo basically that you need to cut. Just like a regular cigar. I personally enjoy them.  Listen to Only Built for Cuban Linx I and II if you haven't.  Theyre Raekwon albums but Ghost is on almost every track as well and they are absolutely amazing albums.   it was one of the first 'next generation' of wu albums.. I feel like u'll like Cuban linx 2 if ur feeling that kind of production I'm in the process of incubation right now and I am amazed at how easy it's been thus far. All you gotta do is follow the recipe, and make sure your sterilization process is on point.  Another note: this is why, when being trained for SCUBA, they tell you to always breathe and never hold your breathe. Otherwise the air could expand in your lungs and rupture them. My go-to fruity drink is a Cuba libre.  
  
It's one shot of rum and Coca-cola in a highball glass, with a twist of lime or lime juice. Oh yeah I get that. I had smoked a few Cubans a few years back when I was out of the country and wasn't that impressed. They were better than most anyhing I had smoked before that but I think the hype may have had me expecting more.  That happened *after* the USA funded and encouraged an invasion against Cuba. If I were Cuba I'd accept a deal with that protected me from a country 30 times bigger than me that tried to invade me, too.

What the hell would *you* expect from Cuba?  Think about the position. The cuban blockade was the closest we've been to WW3, and the closest we've ever been to nuclear war. both parties had their hand on the button. This is just a manifestation of that. That we tried to start a coup to overthrow fidel in cuba. The whole bay of pigs thing. The government denied it for a while. 

I suppose its not crazy, well maybe since its taught as fact now. But at one time it was.  the inland diving source is pretty wrong seeing as I'm doing scuba work currently that pays at least 250 a day. Cuban girls Why do you think I am responsible for defending US policy? People can hold positions independent of their government. I can disagree with normalization of relations with Cuba as well as US policy in Saudi Arabia and the broader region. Not usually... but he does love a good cuban cigar I am scuba diving this week.  How many feet would 9 atm of pressure be at? I've said this before and I'll say it again. We are solely incubators to other's once we become pregnant and once we push the kid out, all of our wants and desires shouldn't exist. Which is donkey dung covered in horse shit set on fire.  We aren't talking about just a particular breed, people generally trade imprints when it is something simple like that.  You buy imprints for popular dog aesthetics.  Otherwise, you are willing to spend a lot of plat just to avoid a random incubation. Is this because the air pressure in the scuba tank is regular? 10m and people scuba dive in it?  Just grab a snorkel if it's that shallow. Its "cuban sandwich" which means the filler has a mix, the shortfiller at the center. It's made from the clippings, just like papas fritas.  Don't forget that when we signed him Cuba hadn't changed its laws yet. He's young and is by himself in a new city where everything is different  Yeah, I honestly wanna get scuba certified so I can discover stuff like this! Povetkin, Perez isnt with Garcia and hasnt been for some months now, no trainer=no gameplan, the cuban has skills but he needs a gameplan It wouldn't hurt trying to incubate it worst case scenario it doesn't hatch. I'm not an expert when it comes the incubation. Do some research. Good luck. Keep us posted. hasn't seemed to be this much of a problem for any of the other hundreds of Cuban ballplayers who have come to America over the years. Koh tao in Thailand. I just felt really lonely there for some reason.  I tried the scuba thing which was fun but I got sick both times so I had to cut it short. Absolutely loved the rest of Thailand though.  I got mine for a scuba diving class and they work very well for kayaking.  We seem to be missing a certain Cuban  The one and only time I went scuba diving I panicked when water started getting in my mouth and without so much as a second thought held my breath and raced to the top. I don't know how experienced divers can overcome this instinct.  As a scuba diver, was told to do something similar and exhale a lot as a lot of fish including sharks are afraid of bubbles. Sorry, I'm Canadian and can't hear you from zero problem Cuban vacation destination ;) 
Loyd Bailie's scuba shop will do it, or send it off. Do you play at First Strike?    
    
 http://goo.gl/maps/Nyb0L  Yup. Mark Cuban is the hype man  I think Cuba drowned him in his blood by jamming his squirting stump in his mouth Scubaru Oh.... then could you mail me a Cuban sandwich before you die? Oh, so because I live in florida, it automatically makes me cuban?

I can mail you puerto rican bread since I have a shit ton of that. No, but the sandwich is Cuban and Florida is the place where you can get the best Cuban sandwiches (in the US). Now get your panties out of a wad and go buy me a fucking sandwich Cracker! In order for Cuban to buy the Monforts have to be selling... and they're not. Dude! I want to visit Cuba I know Proenza Schouler did a collection in neoprene about four or five years ago. I remember learning the term neoprene/scuba fabric then, and hauling it out now that I've seen dresses made out of it in stores now! Cubanito12345 34 Titan  We could put people to work as mindless slaves in incubators to operate the robots we're creating.

Then scorch the sun. Cubase Essentials is $99, which is VERY similar to GarageBand with more features.  I'm a layman and I know what that means. Ever seen "Abyss"? The opposite happened, he went from being in a burrito wrapped by a Cuban to a Thai massage. called "Cubatron" Extreme-type sports. Skydiving, hang gliding, scuba, etc. I also go trap shooting once or twice a week.  Are you planning to tell them not to stamp your passport upon leaving to Cuba and coming back? 

If the US customs sees a Cuban stamp on your passport, you will be in deep trouble. 80k fine as well. A family member bought these for me in Mexicali, Baja California, Mexico. No box just singles, he said he bought them at a store called Sanborns. It's sort of like a Mexican Walmart or Target but with real cuban cigars, if they are indeed authentic.    http://www.floatingcubans.com/truck_starboard2_large.jpg You're right. I just wanted to give an example of the difference between 9 atm and 1. Should have added that the first part is more about apnoe (free diving) than scuba diving. I am in an incubator program in orange county working on an app! Put my email in. :) [AYY] (http://myanimelist.net/profile/cubanpete26) Go from spending time with Canadians to spending time with criminal Cubans. 

That's gonna be more than a few degrees of culture shock...

(There will be more than Cubans there, I know.) It has a [stubby holder rack](http://www.carthrottle.com/post/this-incredible-impreza-wrx-fishing-boat-is-the-ultimate-scubaru/) on the other side, it's not shitty 1. Yes. Read English poetry from 1800s if you want to blow your socks off.

2. Define behavior. Also, couldnt care less since analysing scuba gas consumption is far better use of idle time. 

3. I do not care. 

4. I dont think so.  &gt;analyzing scuba gas consumption is far better use of idle time.

In speaking of which, what mixture of gasses would you use if wanting to look at shipwrecks off the Florida coast?   Let me look that up... Lake Atitlan is beautiful.  Unfortunately we only stayed for one day so we really didn't get to do much that it has to offer.  There's some great scuba diving if you're into that! I think this is Lake Tragöss is Austria

http://stunningplaces.net/scuba-diving-at-green-lake/ Here in New York, Cuba is only a couple hours away from the Alabama swamps. cubaseで録音トラック以外を5割以上ミュートできたら良いのに。ボタンひとつでトグルで。

もう、うるさすぎて自分の音が聞こえない。特に、パーカスがうるさいからリズム合わせの対象選定に困る。録音用のメトロノームが命綱。これにぴったり合わすと、1.25マス分前に食い込む感じで録音される。ここが俺のプロジェクトの小節の頭。 Rivera trabaja para los ricos y el sinvergüenza del coleta trabaja para que todos seamos infinitamente más pobres como ha pasado en Cuba o en Venezuela, pues menudo negocio nos ofrece el maricón!!! I used to be really into trying to explain socialism to people who would be behind it if they got it. Used to. You can only hear "No communism is actually the USSRcubachina you're just brainwashed" so many times before you just give it the fuck up. Well, at least you know you'll probably score.


And wear a scuba suit With Cuba Gooding Jr. And Horatio Sanz? Already in the incubator. Ever since I moved in to Miami, I have fallen in love with Cuban coffee.

It's a dark roast espresso with a spoonful of sugar whipped into it.

I either have it in triple espresso, or with steamed milk when I'm feeling particularly greedy. Its not my fault this generation of cubans is fucking retarded. The Soviet Union never moved past State Capitalism, so no.

Cuba on the other hand, is socialist and working towards communism, and it's going great. Unless you have an incubator and want a pet duck, let it go.  &gt;We'd live better, I know we would

Just like Haiti lives better than Cuba, eh?  The Arranger Track in S1 has its own window where you can edit/add blocks to build the arrangement. Way faster and works much better because it shows up as a list. Cubase has the same feature.  Arguably you are literally a bodybuilder, she's an incubator/feeding unit with half your training plan. PSN ID: CubanCrabCatcher

PS4 "Cubists", "Cubaholics" I think that it would literally kill some hard core 'Cold Warriors' to see Obama in Cuba.   I'd like to see the reaction of americans if Cuba sent them 500 doctors to modernize their health system. &gt; Cuba on the other hand, is socialist and working towards communism, and it's going great.

"It's going great." 

Is that a direct quote from the Ministry of Propaganda of Cuba or are you just paraphrasing?  ooooooooh baby don't be talkin shit about sharks

and yeah I do swim/scuba dive all the time 5 minutes? Things must have changed since I worked at a McDonalds.  Those burgers stayed in that incubator until they were gone, ie. for HOURS. Cuba has a pretty well trained force of doctors. Access to medication/equipment can be problematic, but the knowledge is definitely there. Ganyan din sa montalban cubao na jeep. Ang minimum na 10pesos haha &lt;sigh&gt; Sorry but there are Doctors that have forgotten more about medicine in the U.S. than the Doctors from Cuba.  Yeah, they are fine and good and all but Johns Hopkins?  The Mayo?  World class institutions. De incubatietijd is hetzelfde. De regel van een jaar geen seks kan ook gewoon voor homo's gelden. I guess they're being equipped with scuba gear in case they end up in the harbor. I've always wanted to scuba dive.  As eager as I am on testing out both Icelandic and Finnish, I think it's time to look further south as well. There are a lot of African languages I'd like to see in the incubator! Free trip to Cuba! Have you tried online dating??  Maybe it could weed out the party going girls and can find someone that likes things you like?  Or talking to girls when you scuba dive or horse ride?  Similar interests and all.  Hang in there bud. Bad. I can tell you have shoulder instability. Work on some Cuban presses and perfect the bodyline drills.

Edit: to give more info: look at 0:12...you can see how you're all twisted and one shoulder is higher than the other. Yeah, it is. Check the incubator page, there should be one for Greek for English speakers.  If you have a panini press, you will *always* pull me in with a proper cuban (ham, roasted pork, swiss, mustard, and pickles).  The pickles are very key. Raekwon and Ghostface are doing a Cuban Linx tour right now.
 http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/el/en/status &gt;Money constituets no proper bases of civilization.

Except you know, America, Canada, Australia, Sweden, Norway, Germany. All excellent countries to live in and capitalist. At least socialism has... Cuba? Lmao I think you hit it on the head, cheap Chinese labor will help the North Korean to infiltrate the US through the Cuban border. I see Guatemala going down first...btw, jk before anyone thinks I am looney. Your point is valid and noted sir. &gt;Money constituets no proper bases of civilization.

Except you know, America, Canada, Australia, Sweden, Norway, Germany. All excellent countries to live in and capitalist. At least socialism has... Cuba? Lmao &gt; It was just a stingray

As someone who spends most weekends scuba diving w/sharks, I'm much more afraid of stingrays...they killed Steve Irwin. I'm actually just giving my opinion based on the state of affairs in Cuba. Free education, healthcare and food security. Compare that to other similar South American nations, and I'd say "great" is a fair descriptor. 22 m, in cuba for 2 weeks starting 8th july They didn't screw it up.  It's decadent sweetened Cuban coffee that may vaguely remind you of beer.  You may want to save it for breakfast tomorrow if you're a coffee drinker. Here is a [link](http://www.reddit.com/r/HistoryPorn/comments/36vguh/cuban_girls_assisting_in_the_collection_of_scrap/) to the original submission





I am a robit Cant you just take a friend with you and go on your dream trip? I love love love trips that involve scuba diving with sharks and my husband wants no part of that, so when I have a trip like that, I take a friend. Haiti, Jamaica, Peru?
Republic Dominican? Cuba? Carribean?
Greenland? 


El Salvador too? *Divers* were is the scuba mask and tank? Most land snakes wouldn't but a sea snake would. I dont think this is a sea snake tho.

&gt;In the same way land snakes do, sea snakes use their tongue to ‘smell’ underwater. 

http://www.destination-scuba.com/Sea-snake.html This dude came up from Cuba with a stellar opportunity and a $25M contract but can't be bother to stay out of trouble with the team? Wtf man, thats just stupid.   Minor leaguer.  Signed from Cuba for $25M dollar contract.  Can't stop getting in trouble and fighting with team officials.  Walked off the field in the middle of a game in extended spring training recently and now they've had enough of his crap.  Thanks /u/cubanimal, I know that all 4,700 fans in this sub came here to see you make that move.   Those old navy ships that are stripped, cleaned and scuttled work better than well, they work spectacularly.  Coral and fish thrive in them.  Plus they are great for scuba diving tourism Sounds like Barney Stinson doing the scuba diver again. The benefits are part of the Cubans' refugee status - just like folks from many other countries get.   Eh, I'm Cuban. Im willing to bet he's just a cocky asshole. Im personally surprised this hasn't happened before with other Cuban players.  Am white Cuban; can do this. I've been eyeing those for sure.

And yes, at some point I'm going to start branching out to cubans, especially as it seems they hit the flavors I like the most. 7-Eleven Pressed Cuban Sandwich.  Sorry if you don't live in Florida and have never tasted this god sandwich No I speak Spanish and am from Cuba. Cubans speak Spanish.  Can you speak Mexican/Cuban? It happened before ... http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/americas/09/05/katrina.cuba/ /r/scuba exists People that have cousins that work in the factories in Cuba are big fat phonies! GZA's Liquid Swords is probably one of my favourite hip hop albums of all time. I listen to it more than anything else in the Wu Tang discography. Raekwon's Only Built 4 Cuban Linx and Ghostface Killah's entire discography are pretty amazing too. Which is funny because you see people go scuba diving all the time with full beards.   Mark Cuban?! Maybe you should move to Cuba.  Nice which incubator are you in? FI, evo nexus? "Scuba-suit up !" Do I really need to freeze every box from Cuba? I think he would love the opportunity to go to Cuba to announce something big, like the Embassy or end of the embargo or something. is jr selling cubans now?  I think opening talks with Cuba was a good thing.  I would very much like to continue my scuba diving training (no wieght issues just a lot of fun and something I would enjoy teaching others), and I would like to jump out of an airplane (need to be under 235 for a tandem jump) I'm not the person who took the pictures, I swam here years ago, but never scuba dived. The Soviet Space Agency actually had a program in which people from Soviet aligned nations could join in on the fun. Interkosmos was highly successful, sending 15 cosmonauts from countries ranging from Cuba to Mongolia into space. noted that you posted today. thanks! oooo, scuba diving has always creeped me out but that's really cool for you :) i hope you get to jump from a plane! (with a parachute of course :P) This is a Roma 200? What lighting are u going to be using on it? As the standard lighting isn't good enough to grow Cuba. I play with Cubans and I'm willing to bet they'd agree with you 100% Quick, get to Israel now before the walls go up.  Or Cuba. How is Cuba Social-Fascist? Jonne: Nature, spring, scuba diving, good food... Fucking ridiculous looking. A bird with scuba shoes? Get the fuck outta here with your snorkel birds. Owner Cuban, Coach Kelly. The living situation is a bit easier in Russia than Cuba plus they've had diplomatic relations. Nevermind a continent and an ocean is a little farther than 90 miles of water.  Soviets tried to build a base in Cuba, look at that reaction. nor Cuba There's been many hints that we're getting Hindi in the incubator soon, so that's a good first foray into Eastern languages. They've hinted we're getting Hindi in the incubator soon, so that's another Asian language. Thargoids are beautiful intelligent creatures that only want to love you and be friends. Also maybe they also want to like use a large portion of the human population as incubators for their young, BUT that's besides the point! Tumblr is where all the offense trolls are incubated.  Be my cuban!  Because he's from Cuba. All prospects from Cuba are between 21-24, and were born sometime between 1975 and 2003. Hector Olivera was the exception. He's around 30, but his birth certificates say he was born somewhere between 1998 and "spaghetti". Are you diving scuba?

This is a scuba gun.

Edit: It might even sink when the spear's out. as a newbie scuba diver this would actually freak me out some random creature chasing after me. Ahh si, los así llamados "Scuba-rapists". So what algae or plankton do I need to go scuba diving for? as I recall once you go past the room that branches off to the right (the one with the big glass window on the left) and enter an incubation room they should be in a box on a raised platform, but if you equip an EV suit before hand you can't get them. They already have the Mayan Cultural flag in the flag sprite, so I would bet on a Mayan language being the first Native American language placed in the Incubator. Cuban baseball players have been doing it for years.  There's just no realistic way to stop it from happening. I would get stares if I too was dressed like Scuba Steve on the metro. The OP totally reminded me of the Cuba Pete performance. I'm glad you did it. My favorite was when he was comparing Jaws to (I think it was this or something as ridiculous) Communist Cuba on our shores or Capitalism tugging on our emotions or something. i got scuba gragas too, well gj dude :D  Ah, so the weird cord is attached to the mono?

Strange setup. Where are you? Is it common there?

I also haven't seen that muzzle type used on guns popular among free divers. I know they're common among SCUBA guys in Florida, though. how many top, can't miss prospects can cuba have? Always found it odd that a team would be named after an American regiment. Guess Teddy was REALLY popular....or Canadians didn't like the Spainards being in Cuba either. Still in Cuba? 4. Lourdes Gourriel Jr, Hector Mendoza, Victor Mesa Jr, and Adrian Morejon. A cuban sandwich.  If you have ever had a good one, there's really nothing quite as perfect. You should go to Spain and try a Spanish tortilla (google it). Yuuummmmm.

Also arroz a la cubana--olive oil fried eggs over white rice with a flavorful tomato sauce. Ugh, magic. When I got my SCUBA certification, my instructor told us that Arizona has the highest number of SCUBA divers per capita, despite the fact that we are land locked. Illness like the flu have an incubation period of at least about 2 days. 

So stop blaming the cops and wash your hands. Time runs different in Cuba because of all the missiles stored there during the Cuban Missile Crisis.  Acronyms that have turned into real words are weird.

* RADAR
* SONAR
* SCUBA
* LASER
* TASER
* SNAFU

there are lots more Have you installed the Tascam driver, and set up the device in Cubase according to the Cubase manual?  Do you think they have money? Dodgers haven't really been spenders in the Cuban market  Mark Cuban, ugh I strongly dislike this guy Hopefully Cuba will hold off the USA! Where is Cabo Pulmo? Sorry, I'm new to Scuba Diving. Do you have the website of the diving spot? Theoretically... I HAVE one, but realized that it really doesn't have much production value.

Also, Logic (Apple machines) and Cubase are really good DAWs, too.  steamed white rice, the cuban way. omg so good. There's nothing wrong with being skeptical about a Cuban import who has barely played in the majors and who had a so-so season his last year in Cuban ball. Take your homer glasses off.  Cubase 8 is awesome! That's what I use. Just wait until the US has legalized trade with Cuba. Bound to happen within the next 5 years. He's no hero, he wants the Cuban people to starve.

He's a prick. Check out Syphilectomy, Devourment, Cephalotripsy, Cerebral Incubation, and Vulvectomy for more good slam.  I have installed the driver. I have not consulted the cubase manual. The thing will record. It will just only record on the one track. You need to set it up inside Cubase, so there are valid paths mapped to the hardware. Check the manual.  I don't know anything about pizza in Germany, I meant German pizza because the toppings looked like a type of sausage. "Cuban pizza" is just regular pizza dough with Cuban toppings like mustard, pork, pickles ect I think it's great before the cold war the US and Cuba had a great relationship. They are all pretty much the same if don't go the gourmet, "we made Cuban food fancy", route. I'm a little confused as to why anyone would think that wearing scuba gear would suddenly make it illegal when it wouldn't otherwise be. Obviously someone did for the detective to have mentioned it. Ditto on Czech. I feel like English for Czech has been in the incubator for forever. I'm Moving to Prague next year, and good (and inexpensive) Czech resources are hard to come by :( Catalan is already incubating. 

Of the options in this poll: Estonian or Croatian, for purely selfish reasons.

Also wouldn't mind seeing Persian, and I think an African language is way overdue.

ETA: ohhh and Tagalog. Being exposed to the cold is not how you get sick. And the incubation period for the common cold/flu is more than 24 hours so it couldn't have been the police officers that got you sick. horror, dark comedy, horror, horror, horror(?), horror, horror, scuba diving, moe. Only heard of Cerebral Incubation and Vulvectomy and they are both epic so I will definitely check out the rest. Thank you im gonna say me. the only time i ever saw it was after SCUBA diving so there may have been shrinkage, but i'm sticking with my answer. I figured it was gonna be San Diego 'cause it's the U-T, and San Diego has good scuba spots and great beer. Alright. TODAY'S THE DAY WE WIN!!! ALL HAIL CUBAN HERITAGE NIGHT! ...on the one hand, it kinda makes sense. Miami has a huge Cuban population.

On the *other* hand... Miami is in *Florida.* I like when mark cuban took him down a few pegs on tv I see Latin isn't in the incubator. What's up with that. Would be amazing to learn, it's very common in the Netherlands to learn Latin in school but I haven't Unfortunately I live about an hour away from Miami, so I don't have any shops in particular to recommend. However, definitely try a Cafe Cubano!  Catalan is incubating for Spanish speakers. There isn't one for English yet which makes me angry because English speakers are more important! Kinda funny how Norge Ruiz defected on Cuban heritage night. The caption from the picture:

&gt; In 2013, Musk visited Cuba with Sean Penn (driving) and the investor Shervin Pishevar (back seat next to Musk). They met with students and members of the Castro family, and tried to free an American prisoner.  Someone is an angry little Cuban.  If you ever SCUBA dived you have the nazis to thank. You can't know how much pressure the human body can handle until you push a body past the point.  You're not Scuba Steve...  You've described modern scuba equipment.  Generally no not that I know of but I know Puigs mother managed to get to the states.  A lot has bee written about Puigs journey out of Cuba if you want more info.  Can't link on mobile. MOHITO TIME CUBAN BRUNCH LET'S DO IT ok, you big, beefy cuban, time to feast on some RISP krispies a Cuban player fled when getting off the bus at a Toronto hotel by turning left instead of right and just walking into the street. I doubt it'd be that complicated. CUBAN DONGER! ###CUBAN BREAKFAST MOTHERFUCKERS! CUBAN DONG!!!!!! FUCK YEAH!!!!!! ##MOHITOS FOR EVERYBODY!!! BIG TIME CUBAN BRUNCH!!!## A NICE BIG PLATE OF CUBAN BREAKFAST Bringing up MLKoon was stupid. Why bring up king nigger himself who directly worked with communist Cubans and kikes.  THIS IS BOTH THE DONG WE NEED, AS WELL AS THE DONG WE DESERVE. I BELIEVE A CUBAN MISSILE WAS DROPPED INTO THE STANDS AT KAUFFMAN STADIUM.  Outstanding! That Cuban breakfast! What a way to get things started! LETS GO BIG CUBAN BREAKFAST! SCUBA is an acronym. Something creepy under boat. And.  Wow what a great and sad article. :(

If USA, Canada, mexico, Cuba and a bunch of south american countries would boycot Belize they would change overnight he also said the cubans came over in the banana boat weak shit. drink a cuban colada and really get your blood flowing. coffee to that is like bud light to guinness. Bazemore looks like Cuba Gooding Jr. in Radio. how we gonna let Cuba ball on us?  So I understand. Booze everywhere and open container legal. I'll be quite happy, between that and the easily procured Cuban cigars ###THE CUBAN LIGHTS ARE BEAUTIFUL TONIGHT!! **CUBAN FUCKIN BREAKFAST!** I LIKE LARGE, CUBAN MEN!

Oh an unrelated note, that Morales is a helluva ball player **CUBAN FUCKING SANDWICH FOR MVP** THERE IS A CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS IN KANSAS CITY

I'M THE GLAD THE GOVERNOR IS HERE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT AND MAKE STATEMENTS REGARDING THE SITUATION.  Fuck bacon and eggs, we're eating Cuban today ##MOTHERFUCKING CUBAN DONGS!! THANK GOD THE CUBAN EMBARGO WAS LIFTED. THANKS OBAMA!!  I feel like there has been some hate for taking Billy's nickname for Morales, but I like it, I'm hungry for some Cuban breakfast!!!!!!!! * Young is looking solid
* Bats are hot
* I have shitloads of beer in the fridge
* 5 runs up
* I made way too many tacos
* Lynn's kryptonite is cubans

This is looking pretty good so far, guys. All the points on the board is because of good ol Cuban Breakfast **CUBAN DONG X 2!!!** Nicaraguans are generally considered just as good if not better than cubans nowadays.  I bet there're also ops in Canada to buy from, since Cubans are 100% legal there. My mother-in-law brought me back a couple. This team is so much fun to watch!  I can't wait for the game very night.

Also wanted to post so I can show off my new flair.  Thanks /u/cubanimal You can get "Cuban cigars" throughout Fl, but they're not quite the same. Small cigar rolling shops with one guy rolling your personal cigar are common everywhere.

Open container is nice, much like NOLA. Your first point.. What? Russia isnt putting nukes in Cuba or are they threatening nuclear strikes. 

Your 2nd point. Russian actions are different during the CCCP times than from today. 

 I'm pretty sure he was Cuban in Kill Bill Vol 2
 Depends what you consider "cheap." You can get a swag Cuban or Nicaraguans for a dollar, or you can end up paying hundreds of dollars for a stick. It's all relative to your price range.  I've always wanted to do that on an essay, but never had the balls to.

"Can you explain why the socioeconomic conditions of the 1920s led to the Cuban Missile Crisis?"

No. No, I fucking can't. I do not hold that mental ability. If DE ever adds a way to incubate a Kubrow AND have one equipped I definitely might. Currently I like using my Kubrow too much to sit without one for like 4 days while the fuzzball grows up. CUBAN BEEF Make sure to get a cafe con leche, cortadito, or a colada.  Cuban coffee is somewhat of a specialty that's hard to come by outside of Miami in the states. ##CUBAN HUSTLE!! Cuban Wheels! # CUBAN CHOO CHOO MOTHERFUCKERS cuba's economy is only the way it is BECAUSE of the US embargo. once castro dies, the boom in tourism is going to go thru the roof.  Yes, and that's going to devastate the economy. If anything, what Cuba needs is to address this. Honestly, the US really wrecked Southamerica with their "fight against communism". I think you'll find the opinions of the Cuban and Caribbean population here to be quite thought out and genuine. More like a minor exception to the sanctions really.

Comparing this move to the easing of tensions with Cuba has no basis in reality. On the Cubans, my mother in law knows a guy. And if I somehow found out the ones she gets are not legitimately "Cuban", I don't care... They're awesome.  I did [something similar,](http://i.imgur.com/8gQ4uMc.png) but with the languages available for English speakers are in blue and the languages currently in the incubator for English speakers are in gold. No idea, I've been here 18 months and only met people through my hobby or kids.
If you're scuba diver (or want to be?) shoot me a pm :) Each of those fins is only [$230](http://www.scubatoys.com/store/detail.asp?PRODUCT_ID=BioFins). Ok, jom cuba lagi. Come on! Price replacement for next year? We already have a few Cubans If I could bring my grandmother over from Cuba I would be so happy.  And Kennedy purchased 1,200 Cuban cigars the day before he signed the Cuban embargo.

http://www.vancouvercigar.com/top-10-cuban-cigar-facts/
 Red zone Cuba. Why in the end did he shoot the girl? Why did they throw the old man down the well? Why would the top not go up? &gt; Do I NEED to have a tour guide 

No.

Cuba is very safe and very tourist friendly.  Get yourself to Havana, find a hotel or a casa particulares and just go explore.  




 Let's say I wanna scuba but have never done it or been trained , how much should I expect to run/cost if I wanted to try it(renting or borrowing? )  If you have any idea? Haha I'm just curious They use it with scuba to bounce dive on oil rigs. Look up the helldivers on spearboard.com if you get the chance. Crazy bastards... Just watched it and Really enjoyed it. Loved the scuba diving clips of he and Jerry in Hawaii. Thought it is great that he Connected with his biological father. Looking Forward to Chicago even more now! I am thoroughly enjoying the Cuban Stock /r/cigars exclusive blend with some Hangar 24 Chocolate Porter. It's a fantastic pairing... chocolatey, a little salty, rich, creamy. Think maple frosted bacon topped donuts with chocolate cream filling. Are you serious that the Nazi's figured out how to scuba dive properly? O.O
 I highly enjoyed Cuban pete. That's great I could see him doing it early next year to stoke some new legislation to promote trade with Cuba. The flap never heals completely. That's why prk is better if you're into contact sports, scuba, skydiving etc. Nooooo scuba-kun, you're embarrassing me! Baka!

\*Kyaa!~~* \^_\^;; That one can't be true, based on the dates; we had rebreather diving gear in the first world war, and SCUBA was the name the US Navy gave it in WWII.  Jacques Cousteau had his gear designed mid-WWII.  

 sweet, ill get started, Edit: btw the goggles I'm assuming are attached to the whole hat thing because its look like scuba gear otherwise Cuba Gooding Jr. is Radio. Always.  Cuban spa treatment* romanian's in the incubator but the estimated completion date is somewhere in the next millennium  Amen to that,Also Communism was better then what was there before 
freeing the cubans from batista the russians from the tsar yugoslavia from the ustache  Have you ever been to North Cuba er South Florida any time of the year? You'd hate your clothes too Cuban croquetas or bocadito spread Yeah but we also fucked up countries like Nicaragua, Cuba, Venezuela, and Chile which are more or less on our doorstep.  It's called a riding rig, and /u/O_oblivious is correct. It's a popular setup here in Louisiana for shooting around the rigs, but only with scuba. You definitely do not want to use that if you're freediving. Well, guerrilla warfare has proven to be a plausible solution. Worked for the Irish and the Cubans. It worked for us, which is why I find Americans telling anyone to be peaceful utterly hypocritical. Good thing we got rid of that Cuban banana.  I am looking forward to the Cubans being a part of academys or some sort of draft.  This is silly unfair to the rest of the world. /u/sgtbeard's post game gif threads are on fucking POINT. 

This dude is like the Cuban Morales version of reddit.  Oh i forgot about how great the standard of living is in perfect world uncorrupt cuba compared to the rest of the corrupted world.  Yeah he was. The cold war propaganda just makes him out to be some monster when he really isn't. Cuba is a nice country that has achieved human rights milestones that countries like the U.S. can only dream of. Im freediving here but got my scuba ticket a few years ago. Do it, it's amazing will blow your mind :-) Give me a break. [Cuban law](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_law) limits freedom of expression and has a substantiated track record of systematic human rights abuses, including arbitrary imprisonment, unfair trials and extrajudicial execution. Cubans weren't allowed on their own beaches before the revolution.

Check, and mate. Perhaps unlicensed incubator use will be illegal and biological gestation will seem sort of sketchy, like home birth today.  Incubation bottom http://imgur.com/zrvStYu Yeah, I knew we should have suspected them when the Mexicans and blacks started wearing scuba gear as a fashion. It's hard to say.  The shop sells a lot of scuba equipment so it very well could be.   "Goddamn SCUBA-gooks."

"Grandpa, no." I wish Mark Cuban would die in a car accident already 
 Not sure I understand your point. If hits in one less-skilled league don't count, why should hits in another better but still less-skilled league count? Do we count hits in Cuba? In the old Negro Leagues? In Spring Training? The World Baseball Classic? I know right!? First regular Cuba, then this! Thanks Obama! Great Cuban.  I'm just down the street and we go often.  Their breakfasts are terrific! /u/trollabot urbanscuba That I could incubate a chicken egg with my body so that it will hatch into a chick.  I swear we need a weekly where to buy thread.

Any idea where I can get 28 AWG wire? Deeco cubao didn't 't have them. It can be thinner but 28 AWG is the minimum I need. You're glossing over the world's largest economic embargo, but then again are you seriously saying there is no American influence in Cuba today? You know about how people talk about emotionally manipulative older boyfriends on here a lot? This is one of those times. Op, break up; he is just going to treat you like an incubator and doesn't think much of your own opinions.  If you wanna grow really cool plants like hc cuba then definite yes. And Offcourse  co2. But if you order now it will be months before you get it  Ive always loved the language,music,and art/architecture(for lack of a better term). I guess something like museums and historical areas. Also I really want to do things like kayaking and snorkeling/scuba and have heard Maui is the best place for that. &gt; but for it to be "another Singapore", they first need to drop communism, embrace free trade, and have the world courting it as a free trade partner

Then it won't be Cuba. It'd be "another Singapore". Would it be cool to scuba dive into that thing? Is it straight down or does it have curves to it?  imagine scuba diving over a reef and suddenly an anemone grabs your leg and begins to suck you inside it. no one would EVER go near a rock underwater! This is why Scuba divers should drink draught Guinness. It is pressurised with N2 rather than CO2 so they can get their fix. Not everyone is going to benefit.  New Times did an article on how [lifting the embargo will kill the local cigar business](http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/the-end-of-the-embargo-could-kill-miamis-cuban-cigar-industry-6545533) Somewhere between Colorado and Flordia, but south of North Carolina, if you hit Cuba, you have gone too far. My understanding is that the modern dive tables we use are what came from the Nazis. 

SCUBA existed but the current charts that are used for depth stops and re-dives are somewhat new.  I can totally see Snoop having an elderly Cuban gentleman rolling a fine cigar filled with weed.  No. Scuba equipment uses air, not pure oxygen. The style is Sheraton, not Cuban, they are English or American. You need to look very carefully, if they are period ( ca 1800 ) they will be hand made and quite valuable.  Correct. I hate that question, lol. "Do you speak Cuban", that's ridiculous. Mark Cuban gets so pissed when products like this show up on Shark Tank. It's great Ok, please give another example then. I use Cuba since I recently watched the Michael Moore documentary on their healthcare system, and because it is an often used example by liberals when advocating for Universal Healthcare.  [New No-No](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91c8dt08jrg): Drinking beer in scuba gear is totally acceptable! you could also draw the layout on the PCB with a sharpie, soak it in ferric and wipe off the sharpie mark afterwards, (exposed copper in the PCB will disappear)

you could buy the drill, PCB, etc. at  DEECO or Lyn Ann in cubao No, these waters are not yours. We ask that you take your plans and keep them within Cuban waters. Cuban pete
 [M] Not being an asshole, it's called RP, the UK has sanctions on Cuba as Cuba over the past few years has proven to be a land grabber in the Caribbean area, I'm just continuing RP. cuban here. poner un test? wtf Or, Option 3, we can have a partnership. British/Bahamian/Cuban Scientists and soldiers working together to discover new technologies and creatures. Anything discovered that has the prospect of economic gain can be split equally. On the contrary, I think he just won an all expenses paid trip to a charming little resort down in Cuba. Scuba and snorkeller in Scotland, just love the pics here It looks like they're incubating in those.  Active player. Name scubasteeve 
Code : gzoxo2p Add me Scuba gear, it being operational is what causes the ripples despite the swan not moving. I can tell by the pixels and by having seen some swans in my time. [Tricker's today](http://imgur.com/Uqb0ucT)

Cuba in November. Potentially Croatia towards the end of summer.  I hopefully won't. I got to redeem 10 chars for Cuban Hope to see some Cuba pics on here.  Hopefully us poor schmoes here in the states will be able to travel there soon. [soon enough](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/cuba-travel-flights-hotels-us-normalize-relations-travel-ban/), with any luck. Buy a boat and take people scuba diving at a resort in Costa Rica.  That's super. So what you are saying is essentially agreeing with me. ''his gym, wherever it was...''

So the ''Soviet style'' Kazakh gym or the Brockton Petronelli gym are both good incubators for fighters. Incubators in Matrix! Yea heaters in water lights in 11hr intervals and I'm going to put the misters in a different timer too strong the fans are 12v connected with fans and the bottom is a incubation chamber set at 87 Lots of people like Bas. I like him too and think he should be in some sort of global mma HOF, but the UFC thing is clearly a publicity stunt esp. with Axs TV and Bas under the UFC umbrella with Cuban as a UFC Bondholder  All children are atheists until they're brainwashed with religion.  It's a cunt move to incubate logic and reason in the minds of the children that are our future?  Ok guy.
 [Yes.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2613588/Russian-spy-ship-spotted-Cuba-February-eavesdropping-East-Coast-Gulf-Mexico-month.html) this is true. when I was in college this girl in a che shirt talked me into rowing the man in the boat over to cuba a ton of times.  "The Futures: Highways of Longhauling Death" it's a working title for the movie series starring Cuba Gooding Jr. (as himself) and Patton Oswald as The Terminal Operator. The best I've found is Mimi's Mad Cuban is simpsonville. They have awesome Cuban sandwiches as well as other great Cuban plates.  Queen mothers

Cell builder(s)

Optional: finisher hive(s) or an incubator

At that point you have multiple options:

Cells directly into colonies

virgin queens into colonies

virgin queens into mating nucs, then selection, then into colonies Cubase... [Source](http://www.reddit.com/r/Miami/comments/36f74i/cuban_boat_came_ashore_in_the_keys/) at /r/Miami The Cubano-Style Espresso brown ale was incredible too... The food is OK. It's definitely the establishment when it comes to famous Cuban places but not the best food.  Add me: CubanSniperDUDE The Moscow-Washington hotline was actually implemented as a result of the Cuban Missile Crisis. I'm pretty open to anything. I've never surfed, but I'd love to learn. I like hiking and seeing nature. Zoos and amusement parks are cool. I'd like to go scuba diving at the Great Barrier Reef too. 

And thanks so much, I have tons to look forward to. Great post I just want to note that the notion of American possession of Cuba predates JQA considerably The Hungry Drover in Travelers Rest has a pretty good cuban sandwich.  Wait, you mean to tell me you never heard of the Peruvian invasion of Cuban Wales? Venezuela, Cuba, North Korea? Nigger who cheated on his koon wife. Talking to communist kikes and Cubans. The truth will come out about this scum back in 2027. I've been there too! It's the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Museum_of_the_Revolution_%28Cuba%29 , the old presidential palace.

Bullet holes;

http://dodgeretort.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/IMG_0328.jpg United Kingdom, British Caribbean Commonwealth and Cuba. SimplyScuba - http://www.simplyscuba.com/departments/WeightSystems.aspx


and


DeepBlueDive - http://www.deepbluedive.com/diving/weights-belts.html


I've ordered plenty from SimplyScuba, great company. Brilliant, cheers. I saw simply scuba earlier and they looked very reasonable but I just wanted to check. Ah well, there goes the rest of my money for a while...
 Can anybody recommend a good documentary on the Cuban revolution? It doesn't matter if you are the US diplomat in Cuba or you are talking to a street vendor. Manners should be used in any situation. Even if you don't like a street vendor's hot dogs, you don't tell him/her that the food sucks. That suspenseful ass movie sled dogs with cuba Gooding jr. The part where he almost lost that dog off the edge of the mountain had me on the edge. Best movie I've seen all year  My favorite Cuba movie is that Men of Honor one with Deniro...."cookie." It was really cute. I might just let them incubate on the plant. Apparently they won't do much harm.  Like Cuban cigars, the hope is that the ban drives up the value. 

Does this help
http://www.nber.org/reporter/winter03/technologyandinequality.html You could watch Che, starring benicio del toro, the first part documents his role in the Cuban revolution, but of course it's a movie and not an actual documentary so instead of getting facts, you get action that's peppered with facts here and there [Blue Springs State Park](https://www.floridastateparks.org/content/directions-blue-spring-state-park) definitely do it. It's really nice. Lotta people go scuba diving there, there's a nice underwater cave What if OBL had been taken to the U.S. (or Cuba) to get the data on 911 etc.  ?  And why wasn't this done ?  Very interesting  - OBL did or didn't have extra needed info ?   I use my french press to make a cold brew overnight. That's the only "unorthodox" thing I can think of.

In regards to your cuban coffee, I'd recommend brown sugar over white sugar. It makes a big difference! It's not really a sneak peak as the published [a status update](http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/ru/en/status) on the [Duolingo Incubator](http://incubator.duolingo.com/) page. The US wanted the embassy to have them cigars for free, 

Cuba refused, 

Deal off, no embassy Slightly relevant: if you ever fly to Cuba, don't fly Cubana. They're awful, pay extra and go Virgin or some other carrier. They are definitely hand made. I know they were brought to the states from Cuba. My folks paid $2000. for them. I've done some snorkeling, loved it, but never scuba dived.  I would imagine this photo would be perfect for /r/scubadivingporn. Cubans, 2 years. Non Cubans, 3 months. Second Mad Cuban, sooo tasty. Cubase.  Its what i learned on when i was volunteering at a studio many moons ago.  I have been using it since the Cubase SX3 days all the way to 8. Une organisation financée par la CIA, qui a tendance à toujours accuser de tous les maux les ennemis des USA comme Cuba ou Kadhafi ou la Chine et rester discrète sur leurs alliés comme les Saoudiens.

 My aunt came from Cuba a few months back.  She was a big Queen fan.  In Cuba you could barely get CDs or cassettes.  Before she left I bought her every Queen CD off of ebay, amazon etc.  She cried. Don't live in Cuba, don't live in North Korea, don't live in China... Not always that easy!

(I know some of my examples aren't exactly on the same scale, put my point is it's not always *that* easy to quit even if the governement isn't restraining you.) It's an article full of spurious claims without any citations. The claim that Cuba was better before the Cuban Revolution is an indefensible position on any scientifically honest level. This should be a feature, not a bug. If I could ride on Kubrow I would incubate one posthaste. Mercedes e 300 w-124.
Has indents just large enough to hold Champaign bottles on a tray table and the ashtray is lowered to hold (cuban) cigars. &gt;The bigger question, would Hillary want him?

Young, handsome, hispanic, and male. Helps neutralize Rubio. Also there are a lot more Mexican Americans than Cuban Americans. +1 for SimplyScuba.  I'm a repeat customer, and they are brilliant. 34 Hunter max Ghorn 

Psn SscubasteveL  For less than the price of a boxes of Montecristos #2's in Canada, you can probably fly to Cuba, spend a week at an all inclusive resort, smoke your lungs out, AND come home with two full boxes of cigars.

Been doing it for years.  Norway isn't socialist. It's capitalist with socialist tendencies.

Seriously after socialism imploded in on itself, Western liberals just diluted what "socialism" is. Venezuela, Cuba, North Korea, these are socialist countries. It's a bit early, but hey, it's a long weekend!

[welfarecuban drinking game](http://np.reddit.com/r/Seattle/comments/2tmqp9/five_injured_after_sunday_morning_shooting/co0i4ik)

Thanks to /u/therealbrennen for clarifying the rules. Healthcare =/= research and teaching hospitals. Lol

Policy, insurance, efficiency, access, coverage, affordability

yes, it is one of the worst and most wasteful. Cuba has arguable the best. &gt; Russia is currently weak. If they are so strong why are they fighting a war on their own border?

really? why US were(are) so interested in cuba? I will get sick 8 hours after being in the same room with someone who has a cold.  I try to think of it as a superpower - Super Germ Incubator Girl - but somehow that doesn't really help.   Most fun fact: JD Martinez is of Cuban descent. In fact his parents were best friends with Fidel Castro. When Fidel found out that JD's father, Mauricio, wanted to build kites for a living the family was banished from the island. The only country that is actually socialist is Cuba. Venezuela and the DPRK are not socialist at all. Scuba diving has nothing to do with underwater welding Yes because everyone is going to declare jihad on Cuba and attack your research bases.  Seriously, shouldn't you finish incubating the first one before you have another? Being "this"? Please rephrase I don't understand.

Doesn't seem to me that big agro business has begun to use it's lobbying power for Cuba yet. The USACC trip was a great start, but had no lobbying component to speak of. Cuba seems pretty cool, at least I can become a doctor  
Morgue Orgy - The Last Man on Earth (Diary of Geo…: https://youtu.be/FCubAmO0iUE Actually he says "That's a 300 hundred dollar Cuban and you want to do WHAT?" * MPC2500, super fun to write songs, the best.
* Octatrack: Amazing for live performance (and so much more)
* MAQ16/3: Great to make hypnotic sequences or old style analog sequences
* Cubase: To get things done and finished. Duolingo has been a week or two away for a few months now. ~~I'm not getting my hopes up.~~  [Oh hey, new blog post!](http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/eo/en/status) One could argue that instead of a world war many smaller wars occurred as a result. Korea, Vietnam, Angola, Cuba, Mozambique, Afghanistan all suffered conflict during the Cold War as an indirect result of mutually assured destruction. Sounds great! Thank you. Obviously cohibas are the most faked Cuban, is there another brand that stands out as being an extremely commonly faked cigar?  I would say it's more [Cuban](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bd/Flag_of_Cuba.svg) than like [Ohio's flag](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4c/Flag_of_Ohio.svg). Cuba Gooding Jr.  I believe there was someone from shark tank peddling a product to deal with those.

http://www.mediaite.com/tv/watch-mark-cuban-call-out-a-total-scam-on-abcs-shark-tank/ But how much food can be grown on the available land with these methods, with how much labor? Cuba did a lot but I still don't know if that will work on a global scale. Third for Mad Cuban. Bonus points for cafe con leche available hot or iced.  Agreed thanks Cuban Breakfast But my day isn't complete without a giant Cuban Breakfast It's a puppy, not a human baby in an incubator. They can take care of themselves a bit. Denied, Cuba is still active as of one day ago.  It's crazy. I watched a small video a while ago with Cuban and he mentioned it. Said it was stupid to do it.unless your product is the bees knees. Not in those words It's not an abreviation either. An acronym is said like a word (SCUBA, FEMA)
An abreviation is a word shortened. Fax for facsimile, hippo for hippopotamus. 
This is just a good old fashioned initialism. FBI, CIA, IRS.  Not a player, but Mark Cuban. I showed up really early to a Houston Rockets game when they were playing the Mavericks and he sat right in front of me. I didn't want to bother him. I just said hey and he nodded back. Gordo knockin Cuban Breakfast home with a Mile High Gordong! I love this team  No, but if there's just a base in the middle of the ocean with no protection, it opens up Cuba to an attack that could cost upwards of a 100 million dollars and 6 lives.  Cubanpete24  Either skydiving (at night or during the day), scubadiving, hang out with my friend or bang some hot chicks.  Just goes to show, economic systems don't affect human nature. The less you have often leads to more empathy and compassion. Congrats to them! Congrats to Cuba! Cost for research, I mean. And given that Cuba doesn't have any experience building large transport aircraft, this is going to be a significant investment in both time and money before you can come up with a working airframe.  If going from 1 atmosphere of pressure to 0 is anything like going from 2 or 3 atm to 1 - then, yah, it fucking will.  In SCUBA  this is called an air embolism, and it is dangerous as hell in an emergency ascent. I got what looks like scuba flippers for 15$ and snorkelling flippers for 5$. I'm happy and can't wait to use them when I go swimming while camping.  Have another Cuba libre! I'll join! What's the difference between snorkeling and scuba flippers? This is exactly correct.  Charcoal is rarely given, anymore.

Incubated = make you breathe

Sedated = so you don't pull the tube keeping you alive out Cuba's character (Billy Roberts) died in "The Tuskegee Airmen" (1995)

What movie did Zach Galifianakis 's character die in?

 This... and the lung cancer vaccine.

Cuba is on a roll.  We might want to look into how they treat/compensate/reward their researchers. Another vote for Mad Cuban cafe. Scuba.

Scuba. 

Skooobuuhhhh  I could go for seconds of Cuban Breakfast. Yeah, imagine if fidel castro farted in a jar and left it in a humidor for 50 years... That is the smell of a true cuban, very distinguishable.  Ha you are talking about cubans he is talking about nicaraguans  That truly is a fantastic film. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to know about the Cuban revolution in all its true grit. Frightening stuff. Usually, snorkelling are shorter. Scuba can be heavier and power you more than snorkelling (important when you have heavy gear on). Cuba has an exemplary primary level health care system, which means they can avoid a bunch of preventable heath problems. Their secondary level health care, which depends heavily on technology, is fragile. Somewhat the opposite of the US.     Qual o objetivo do título "Nenhum é cubano." ?
Ideologias a parte, ao ler a matéria é implícito que se trata de brasileiros. Aliás me surpreenderia se fosse um cubano, aí sim deveria aparecer no título. And at the same time the healthcare in Cuba is abysmal. Unless you're not Cuban and you bring foreign currency. Eventually he was going to run out. He planned ahead. Like JFK and Cuban cigars.  Not particularly.  A particular brand of cuban cigars might. wow! I envy you!

although I find that I can drink Cuban coffee until later on in the day, and it does not keep me up as much as American coffee does Cuba, so hot right now. Matt Damon and Cuba Gooding Jr. pictures look messed up. Maybe they are just making weird faces, but something is definitely wrong with those two shots. Mac has to be on this sub or someone he knows. Cubano Breakfast, only here.  Cuba trains more doctors than most other countries, this means they have a competitive advantage in primary care. They use this as an advantage, sending them on goodwill missions to other countries that have poor healthcare. Yep, sending drugheads to a clinic is bad. Why don't we just buy drugs for them instead using tax payer money so they don't go into "terrible withdraw". 
You're fucking retarded mate, go jump in the ocean and swim to Cuba.  Is there any pizza place in NZ that allows reusable pizza boxes?  Heaven Pizza in Cuba St that has a wooden pizza box. [pdf about it](http://www.consciousconsumers.org.nz/assets/Uploads/Heaven-pizza-BYO.pdf) Ha, minha mãe trabalha lá. Óbvio que não tem cubanos lá, os cubanos foram para as áreas que nenhum médico quer ir, e o HC paga bem pra caralho. E outra coisa, tem muito mais médico que faz dessa lá hein. Fuckin, A Cuba. You win Country of the Year. It makes sense though right? The Cuban government spent the resources to train that doctor. It's sort of like how foreign students pay higher tuition.  That's how Cuba pays for it's health care system, and major aid programs, including the one this thread is about. I don't think there is a Cuban ebola treatment, they are being praised for sending loads of doctors to help in Africa. But they invest the little they have (the embargo doesn't help) in education and health. Good lord lol. You better get yourself an incubator and hatchling rack..or just toss them if you don't have a lot of extra money. The guy who sold you these was completely irresponsible by the way.  What if Jason Terry has been part of a long elaborate con to sabotage the Rockets at crucial moments, and communicates with Mark Cuban during games in a tiny earpiece? Havana Sighmane sounds like a mopey Cuban lion. You like scuba diving? We drove your car into the ocean! What are your thoughts on the Cuban Missile Crisis? As if they had any choice. Reddit is making me sick by sucking up to Cuba so much. People are only giving the regime justification to stay in power even longer "Look at how much we've achieved, the Capitalists could never" Turtle  beach,  South of siesta,  isn't too bad for snorkeling.  I've done some beach scuba dives from there and seen some good array of fish,  turtles,  and even seahorses Every education system is ideological. Cuba's system is just ideological in a different way. Does this team go around giving Ebola to any citizens that question their Cuban leaders?  Many MST3K movies, but the absolute worst would be the unholy trinity of Monster A-Go-Go, Red Zone Cuba, and Manos: The Hands of Fate. White cuban Cuba Gooding Jr. in Radio. Do you live in Cuba? Cuba is kissing our ass. We could take the country over in 2 weeks if we chose. Cuba is also, sadly, a totalitarian dictatorship.  Though in this case, the Cuban team deserves recognition for their accomplishments Cuba bola ebola lalalalalal ebola lalalalal bolaaaa bola bola bola aguante cuba padre I'd be proud as fuck if I were Cuban. That is some seriously impressive work, given the embargoes they've been facing for many years.

-Very very impressed American. This entire thread is pretty much why Cuba isn't exceptional.   He's ahead of the game, Texas secedes, and the GOP gives Florida to Cuba as punishment for Obama's diplomatic thaw. Cuba has an ebo-la team! It was said that "phase change" from hope to despair creates a large amount of energy that the incubators can tap into. Jesus, propaganda people, this is ridiculous. Am Cuban BTW. Obesity rate in the US, in 2011: 33.9%

Obesity rate in Cuba, in 2011: 11.8%

It's safe to say the differences are starker, now.

I wonder if this might have something to do with the life expectancy.... L 33 titan add cubanpete24  Well, the USSR kind of well...dead now. And Cuba is still chugging along.  It might be in the book "Lune de miel chez Fidel Castro" (Honeymoon with Fidel Castro) which is about the photographer's experiences in Cuba. I can't find anything else about it. &gt;western doctors

I was not aware Cuba was located in South East Asia or the middle east :D Ugh. When I was in Cuba this past April, I woke up in the middle of the night to a huge cockroach in the bathroom. It was one of the scariest things I have ever seen. Good luck finding the bastard. I feel for you. It's funny how you think it's just Americans shitting on Cuba. There are other countries on here, you know that right? Well they sold out after that, if your in Canada during the winter time you will see Cuba state owned commercials begging for you to come down their. $1200 for 10 days hotel, food, drinks, and flight. Please hurry Cuban reinforcements. We need you guys.  &gt; This may be really hard to grasp, but Cuba is notorious for having great doctors and medical researchers.

And the US doesnt? In what way are they not miles behind US MD schools + residency/fellowship and US medical research? Viva Cuba The lung cancer vaccine isn't even the best treatment in it's class. Cuba is isolated from the USA, not the rest of the world. There's good reason why gefitinib, erlotinib, and afatinib are seen as better treatments. The guy is a crook no question but is this really just a Chinese thing?
What about Cuba? How was Mark Cuban able to preserve his billions while Yahoo was tanking back in 99/00 bubble? Man, it is a good thing the United States allowed the rest of the world to have access to Cuba! Wait, there was only a few countries that embargoed Cuba. Clearly, you don't know. There are many cuban doctors in other latinamerican countries. They can't even keep cholera out of Cuba. The US even eradicated it for them 130 years ago.  &gt; Cuba's system is just ideological in a different way.

Yes, and their way includes [cutting off access to an unfiltered Internet](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_censorship_in_Cuba). This... and the lung cancer vaccine.

Cuba is on a roll.  We might want to look into how they treat/compensate/reward their researchers. Your first link is broken. 

That's sad.. But according to your second link, $25 is the average take home income in Cuba.. That would be like getting 50k as a tip here in Canada.  Original post: [Cuban ebola team nominated for Nobel Peace Prize](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/371h59/cuban_ebola_team_nominated_for_nobel_peace_prize/) Cuban revolutionaries were truly scumbags, I recommend the film *Che* part 1 and part 2 and Che's book on guerilla. &gt;Cuba

Yep, that's one "Bernie Sanders" less from complete clickbait.  Mate, that isn't how acronyms work. Otherwise you'd be pronouncing SCUBA with the same "u" as in "underwater". Or NASA would be more like "Nuhsae". The I-joy ACME or ACME-L has top air flow control that can be closed off easily, and you could get a grommet for the drip tip...but seriously what is he doing, scuba diving with his mod?

Subtanks can take a bit of a rain. Which Cuban import will have a bigger impact ROS? Guerrero or Castilla? Holy shit reddit loves Cuba so much it must be a wondrous magical place! Cuba's legit. My sis lived there for a time. They have wonderful Rum, best rum I've had infact... Thanks for taking the time to explain this. Facebook zombies are on a roll with this idea. Cuba gooood America baaaad  The prize is a sham but it makes the front page because Cuba. There's an obvious disconnect between the realities of the country and the romanticized idea reddit has. With mojitos, "Cuban Mixologists Nominated for Nobel Peace Prize for Inventing Mojitos", should have been the title of this article.  "In the past" implies this isn't going on now. Progressive and sustainable policies? Are you completely forgetting the lack of food and jobs? There's a reason people flee cuba.  Man, I hope the Cuban Ebola Team doesn't read this.  7 organisations is a long list? Nominations aren't a big deal? You seem a bit disillusioned, which is a total shame, but please don't let your cynicism undermine what is certainly a big deal for the people nominated and for Cuba. good fuckin job cuba, I've missed you my whole life. That's just stupid.  Can't over-seed plants or children... or else Starvation.  Is Mao the communist theory they follow in Cuba?  Doesn't seem like it to me. Agreed. 2+ hours is a long time for those eggs to go without the duck incubating them. I hope the team/grounds crew can figure something out. Did you take this comment from /r/worldnews?

http://np.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/371h59/cuban_ebola_team_nominated_for_nobel_peace_prize/criwak4 So little resources (criminal blockade by US oligarchs), but so much heart. Viva Cuba, viva Fidel ! I must have excellent peripheral vision.  None of those faces looked strange to me anymore than they already did.  The ones that did seem weird, are just weird photographs.  Like Cuba doing a weird ass smirk.   Do you hate Cuba  You do this in reason?  It seems like Logic, Protools, or Cubase, maybe even Audition would be a more available DAW for you.  Still, your other [tracks](http://imgur.com/aMuKvuK) don't seem unfamiliar to limiting.   Check this thread:

http://www.scubaboard.com/forums/special-needs/326555-diving-diabetes-type-1-a.html Apparently you can go to medical school in Cuba.

http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/health/2007-07-25-cuba_N.htm Does this have anything to do with cuba's trade inbargo being lifted? Cuban here, can confirm. The Cubans will make up the largest contingent of foreign health care workers committed thus far to the fight against Ebola in West Africa. INB4 arguments about Cuba...

What happen to Ebola know? Media attention seems to have died down...  I live near Lake Michigan and enjoy SCUBA diving. Do you know of any that are close to shore? Or are they all in the middle of the lake? A bunch of SCUBA gear. BC, wetsuit, regulator, gloves, mask, snorkel, knife, weights, fins, booties... you name it, it was there.  Cuba is a fuck country and this nomination is bullshit.   Mi socio, viva Cuba pero el gobierno allí es una mierda todavía, yo no soporto la propaganda de los Castros. Cuba has the most doctors per capita out of any country in the world. If their ebola team is proportional to that, then they deserve recognition. Is the US government really trying to get Americans to think Cuba has better medical facilities then the US? HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
 As a fellow cuban, where I lived we toasted the cashews and eat them after. Add cubanpete24  Is there anything Cuba does or has done that is substantially worse than China? With the "great leap forward" it's support of North Korea. Countless human rights  violations etc etc etc. Why is Cuba so bad?  cuba had a ebola team? Did you also read /u/D_Adman's comment? Both are/were Cubans. I'd suggest you shut the fuck up and listen to those that were there. Do you think political prisoners are good? Executions? Forced land reforms? What the fuck is wrong with you? "*Everythings coming up Cuba!*" True but Batista was awful as well. There were very legitimate reasons for the Cuban revolution but unfortunately the resultant regime wasn't much better than the one it replaced By this definition then the US is more socialist than Venezuela or Cuba! A good friend of mine and professional producer for 20+ years hasn't used Pro Tools since I've known him. He primarily uses Cubase.  Yeah, e.g usaid is notorious for that shit, they tried to destabilize cuba not long ago As a Cuban, I feel very proud to hear this.  Cubanito12345 have 365 gally :)  ive always wanted to do this in cuba Cubanito12345 maxed gally Titan  Why are the Cubans who invented Ebola getting a prize?!






*/s* Don't they have prostitution laws in Cuba? :P

Your question is stupid, as gun control isn't even a part of capitalism - the reason Mexico is in the shitty state it is today.

"You fairy." to quote Al Pacino in Glengarry Glen Ross the bottom of the ocean while youre scuba diving &gt; Fellow Cuban here, I feel the brutality of the Castro's is often severly underreported. 

You are now banned from /r/socialism WHO-standard infection control training in Cuba, the team will pack supplies of PPE and travel to Sierra Leone in early October. They will stay there for 6 months, working in shifts in smaller teams in Ebola treatment centres and community clinics.  &gt;&gt;did understand bitcoin

&gt;&gt;lost everything in MtGox.

&gt;&gt;architect at an incubator

this makes me wonder what i am doing with my life. for me it's not that I'm a fan of Castro so much as it is that I don't understand how it's OK to trade with communist, industry nationalizing, let's starve a few million people China but not Cuba http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/04/usaid-latin-americans-cuba-rebellion-hiv-workshops I have to say Cuba is definitely underestimated. I voted Cuba. Scuba dive at the Bellevue mccrory lane rock quarry. It totally makes sense but people should keep in mind the Cubans aren't doing this out of the bottom of their hearts they're doing for the very capitalist reason of it maximizes their profit Didn't Cuban buy puts? I believe he went into the whole story on Howard Stern - told other people in the broadcast/yahoo situation to follow him, some did some didn't. US gotta team up with the 'Axis of Evil' countries Cuba, Syria, Iran to defeat ISIS (who the CIA armed last year when trying to overthrow Assad). Why not team up with North Korea while we're at it? What are you talking about ???

The law is quite simple 

&gt;Surely Russia is a more politically stable country than Cuba...?

That is the thing any regimes can be the target 

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/nov/26/ukraine.usa
 Talk to any Cuban. The propaganda is strong. Literally since Obama decided to open up diplomacy, posts ok reddit have made Cuba seem like the greatest place on earth.  Its easy, you have alaska and canada on top, US under it, hawai to one side, cuba and haiti on the other  then mexico and uh ... central america. Cuba's international work on medical issues, on the whole, is worthy of a Nobel Prize.  They train huge numbers of doctors and send them all over the world.   Most likely, you can no longer chance an enemy port just 90 miles away. Another Cuban missle crisis might not be averted this time. Sei que já disseram isso milhões de vezes, mas nunca deixo de me admirar como os fãs do suposto Partido dos Trabalhadores conseguem defender o esquema de trabalho dos médicos cubanos só porque eles vêm de sua ditadura de estimação. &gt; some Cubans try to leave to the United States.

Yeah, and they are persecuted by the Cuban government for it.  As an employee of the Cuban government, your objection to reality has been duly noted.  Yes, Cuba is doing *so terribly* right now. And scuba! Except Cuban wasn't the ceo of yahoo Come in hairless from chemo for a limited edition cuban cigar set! Cubans? Right, I forgot. Any positive news that comes out of Cuba must be propaganda. What a totalitarian shithole, right?? Im really starting to wonder if Cuba has better medicine than US when it comes to research. Shouldn't is vague...according to whom? It's certainly not illegal for an employee to sell their shares as long as they have no insider info. C-suite execs can't do it, but Cuban didn't work for yahoo as an exec. It sounds like you think a capitalist state has attacked Cuba recently. Every capitalist state being destroyed sounds like a lot of murder. Why does socialism require so much blood? Or why has it historically (Stalin, Mao)? The media  can't, but personal accounts (as part of auto bigraphies, like *Antes que anochezca* by Reinaldo Arenas) are out there and they shed good  like and a lot of perspective on how different Cubans interpreted the revolution. Wait? Why would Cuba allow a US NGO to enter its land? This makes no sense What kind of made up bullshit is this? Most of Cuba's farming is organic.

If you want to talk about chemical burns and no safety equipment speak to the people employed by the US government to spray B2 bombers with stealth coatings. /u/theoddcuban /u/NikolaiLePoisson /u/jarofketchup I'm so sorry for your trauma. 

Do you think it would help if you immediately said "I grew up Cuba, and I'm very nervous around police"? Then they'd know there's a reason.  It's either this or the "Hip-hop ain't been the same since 2pac moved to Cuba on us" one Consider yourselves liberated, Cuba Your work for the Cuban government is admirable, comrade. "Relax citizen, the Riddler sent me a message that I deciphered to find you, you are safe now"

Bonus points for using scuba gear to surface right beside her. Has their fund/incubator produced anything of note? Really? So because I'm trying to make a critical analysis, I now work for the Cuban government? 

I guess you're a CIA agent, then... This is interesting, and I certainly hope it is accurate, but without sources for the info, one cannot be certain. I'd love to read a more scholarly and less biased analysis of the Cuban agricultural sector. Building on what the other guy said, there are examples of this in real life. The U.S. and Cuba held backchannel talks in Canada to reopen diplomatic relations. Tusk is a little like the Koch brothers in how so many are dependent on his money.  Cuban isn't the one who mentions it, except in the intro video, it's always the entrepreneurs who give him stuff in Mavs colors to court him.  Let me guess. You believe Saddams troops were tossing babies out of incubators, right?
 inb4 Castro responsible for Cuba crisis as they jump into each other in training I have a family friend that's a breeder. He came and got the eggs last night to incubate and sell for me. Mommy looks so sad :( They're going to need some of that Cuban spice on the ticket for Florida's 29 electoral votes. Jeb Bush alone might do the trick though. Kuba and Castro. Nice for Cubans :) Is there a football player named Fidel? Cuba is already a popular tourist destination. Just not for Americans. Is that a joke? Cuba is basically a third world country.  I've got Cuban friends See the difference is I can openly criticize the US government and call Obama a murderous thug and know that nothing will happen. Yet another reason your Cuban buddies risk their lives to get the fuck out of there and come here. I'm calling bullshit because the censored internet in Cuba is well documented.  Have you ever actually read anything about Cuba? Don't forget how the ugly Cuban communists now also will infiltrate the US with their terrible ideology. Obama has opened the door to hell and who knows if capitalism will prevail, if the church of corporatocracy will survive? /s If you think communism has done Cuba well, I think it's safe to say you know so little about the subject there's no point in continuing this conversation.  Yes, I mean ball bearings. A shooting buddy of mine made a .50 cal air rifle with a scuba tank, some high pressure hoses, a tube magazine and a 1/2" steel tube. Shot the bearings hard enough to blast 5 gallon buckets cuban sandwiches. Shark Tank. Free advice, free consultation, and a chance to get invested in by Mark Cuban or Daymond John. Remember how the Iraqis also threw children out of the incubators. 

AND had weapons of mass destrucion...

Isis is pretty much the remains of the sunni side of Iraq, the side Saddam belonged to.
 Cuba Gooding Jr for Snow Dogs Holy hog bbq, Wright's sandwiches, Woody's salads, PDQ chicken strips, Press Box wings, Little Greek gyro, Floridian makes a decent Cuban. That's about all I got off hand. There's lots of great places around that area.  Although Cuba is not Socialist, they are a country that claims to be on the path towards Socialism. Cuba is doing much better off in all of those areas than most Central American, South American, and Caribbean countries.  It's a tech incubator. It is a top tourist destination in Cuba. And it is a beautiful city. There is a nightclub inside a cave there that is simply phenomenal. &gt; china and cuba did nothing of the sort on the scale of the USSR or the US.

Seriously? Tens of millions of people died under Mao.  I feel like the people in the movie *Aliens* that were half-melted and stuck to wall, they were being used to incubate aliens. They were in horrible pain and the only thing they said was "Kill me...please kill me." 1. Pupal stage.

2. Incubation.

3. The Dankness. And red seas scuba diving is a worth the trip. Best trip of my life actually  LGBT Cubans have more rights than say, someone in Louisiana Cuban do something good in Africa. Reddit-no big deal, anyone can get nominated. Puke. baby scuba divers. Yes! Like the Cuba episode. So good 1: South Africa

2: Portugal

3: Cuba Become the brush. Scuba dive. I do think I am using the more commonly used definition of Socialism then you. However I believe you backtracked a bit. You said there in no scale yet now you are saying that Cuba is on some sort of scale.  cuba is a state owned by the people as are the means of production, HOWEVER, they are privatising things. aka, bad. That story was so weird, just like when Kyle said she went scuba diving with Mauricio and they saw a dead scuba diver just floating around. Really?!?!? Ohh my mistake, I read his question being "are there huge gains in medicine in the future" and didn't think it was in the context of Cuba but as medicine as a whole [M] /u/MrGiggleBiscuits

/u/theoddcuban

/u/NikolaiLePoisson Yeah... and they barely get payed. All of the money goes straight to the Cuban government. Meanwhile my family in Cuba write us constantly begging us to send them medicine. Cuban Burger! aurora morales leads the majors in RBIs. love the cuban lights. We have to have a Cuban pitcher on staff that can DH better than Byrd.  100k medical education because you can make it back in a few years after you graduate. Cuban medical education is worth nothing money wise. not using a column, just straight up batch incubation.
thanks for the reference, helpful stuff on that manual.  People are excited to see him play. It is like a cuban super star baseball player comes to America after several amazing years in the Cuban league. I have more faith that Cuba will be the nation to finally cure cancer than the U.S.  From [Cuban Fury](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2390237/) let's see some cuban lights! /u/Cubanpete26 I think you have some right? :P What's your recipe?  We're doing cubanos in my kitchen right now, they look kind of similar.  I haven't watched Chef in a minute so I don't remember what their recipe was. I have a diving watch I use as my daily beater because I wanted something I could wear in every situation bit I've never done SCUBA but I always have wanted to  Wait, are you Fiber or Cuban? Those are two guys I just played with and this exact thing just happened to us. Sucked man, we spent hours Quick and easy burger and beer = Jack Browns.
Best restaurant burger = Cuban Burger

You don't need to look anywhere else. US secretly created 'Cuban Twitter' to stir unrest and undermine government 

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/03/us-cuban-twitter-zunzuneo-stir-unrest If I recall correctly, Castro and Guevara took down the Cuban government largely by posting on Facebook. Way to go Cuba....that,and the lung cancer vaccine are making you look good on the international stage. Deleware with my best friend, gonna smoke some cubans watching the sunset at the beach, play edward 40 hands, smoke some weed and cigs, and make some memories. Just hoping I wont break my wrist again  I assume cannibas isn't his speed. But Phillies are available in strawberry now.   

It's understandable that his family left Cuba to escape Batista.  I meant Cuban people, not the country. My family were chased out under threat of death by Castro. Really? I would've bet my bottom dollar it was Cuba Gooding Jr Man, all kinds, I have such a mixed bag these days. I have a second humidor upstairs that's full too. There's a bunch of legal Cuban Cigars in there ;). Doesn't the US have official diplomatic relations with Cuba now? Can I legally travel there for a vacation? What Cuban did was 100% legal and pretty cool too. Mariel Boatlift. 

I'm stabbed to death by former mental hospital patients from Cuba. That's a mallard. Incubation of eggs is 26-27 days, so you should see ducklings soon :)
 Cuban Cigar
Italian leather

Checkmate  I think it fits because the Cubans aren't evil. They just haven't done much of anything to deserve the price yet. Puerto Rican and Cuban  Next you'll be telling us Iraq didn't have weapons of mass destruction or toss premature babies out of incubators in Kuwait. And the children of Cuba only had fun games to play... Plenty of Cubans came by raft and plane. Lel. Don't know who would be paying me to advocate for Cuba. Nobody who puts the value of the dollar above all else would pay someone to do that. Advocating against Cuba OTOH, lots of people would pay for that. Wikipedia tells me he has Cuban heritage.   True connoisseurs well only light a cigar with Spanish cedar lit by the sun by a magnifying glass held between the thighs of a Cuban virgin, immediately sacrificed thereafter.

I use bic lighters or whatever's handy. It's even more fascinating because I believe the yolk is the part that gets consumed and provides all the nutrients during incubation. Get a little lime juice for a Cuba Libre.

I'm using Calypso cause I'm poor. You? It stands for light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation. Scuba is also another good one most people don't know. Self-contained underwater breathing apparatus.  I have not. A bunch of randos. I'm a member of the Cigar Enthusiasts for Kentucky on Facebook and we do random drops. A bunch of Cubans, ave Maria's, ghurkas, drew estate, etc. cuba was also never a part of the united states and never had a large population of americans though  Is it different than pentatonics? Harry hates it too. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pH9l8KlcuBA CUBAN MISSILE CUBAN MISSILE Having too strong of an arm is a very well known Cuban stereotype.  Ooh. I can picture the mommy wars. Sitting vs Incubator (vs burying??). Upright or sideways. To turn or don't turn. Best nest materials. 

Another plus, you don't have to wait for an ultrasound to see baby, just use a flashlight! Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love.

Written by Oscar Hijuelos, one of many beautifully written books based on Cuban immigrants. With Emilio Estevzez and Cuba Gooding Jr? I'll take the 1915 Cuban Peso and the hard times token please, pm me your gw email nestle nespresso Limited edition cups

 Maragogype Grand Cru

Hazelnut Dessert



Cubania

MONSOON MALABAR +3/5 correct 

Note /u/fatwoof originally had chocolate mint and sucre roux. Then chocolate mint and cubania, and finally edited to this at xx:53:23 Nespresso pods.  Monsoon Malabar, Cubania, Grand Cru Chocate Mint, Apple Crumble? Me and my friends were talking last night how ted cruz is a sleeper cell ready to secede texas which will than start a mexican-texas war where mexico wins. I know cruz is cuban but we were pretty stoned. &gt;Why is Cuba so bad? 

It's not. They fucking "toast" instead of press their Cuban subs now. Bullshit.  &gt; Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Taylor Swift, One Direction, Pitbull, Bruno Mars, Kanye West

&gt; Katy Perry and Nicki Minaj

&gt; Primarily black

I'm counting 4 black people to 8 white people and one Cuban. What about scuba diving? What with all the planning and prep work anyway...? (Should be less "can you" and more "have you tried / do you enjoy?") Aric Almirola has Cuban descent cubaseでテンポをダイナミックに変えるのが簡単だから、後半終わり部分、どんな風に劇的にしようかな。 This is literally what Mark Cuban did in the early 2000s when he sold broadcast.com &gt;The incubation period automatically means time at home with the egg watching Netflix


Knowing my luck, the baby would start hatching in the middle of a House of Cards season finale or something. One of the best dive shops in the country is in IL.  Google "Dive Right In Scuba."  Not sure where in IL they are though.  Probably Chicago.  They have a great rep in the US dive community.   Well the U.S. took half of Mexico, Cuba, the Phillipenes, part of Germany, Japan, etc., no matter how temporary each occupation was.


We still have Guam. Why the hell do we still have Guam? Much less the Midway Islands? It's the Cuban in me exaggerating. Obviously I don't wish harm to any player, but I don't want him to win any chips with the Cavs so he can think back and be like damn I shouldn't have left the Heat.    Is my Cuban stuff okay? My friend and I were visiting Australia and we went scuba diving during the day. That was terrifying enough. Then she wanted to go at night. Hell to the no. I'm freaking out just thinking about it.  Right now most cpaps look like scuba masks, with tubing going to a machine to stop people from snoring and help with sleep apnea There are places that basically incubate it. So they exist and function because those places exist and function. Even if they only showed Oswald shooting there would still be conspiracy theories over if Oswald was in on a conspiracy (from the KGB or Cuba) and if Jack Ruby was contracted by the mob or other group. Even if they only showed Oswald shooting there would still be conspiracy theories over if Oswald was in on a conspiracy (from the KGB or Cuba) and if Jack Ruby was contracted by the mob or other group.

 Ive commented on this in a couple other places but even if they only showed Oswald shooting there would still be conspiracy theories over if Oswald was in on a conspiracy (from the KGB or Cuba) and if Jack Ruby was contracted by the mob or other group. Conan was just on my favorite interview show, Charlie Rose, and he talked about how he loves unscripted comedy, like walking around in Cuba making jokes on the fly. We're all hoping that Fully Booked will make a comeback in Cubao because it's the only thing that makes the trip to Gateway worth it.

Well, at least there's still NBS, Cubao Expo, and...Today x Future. So Cubao is still a good place. I'm not going to name Yasiel Puig's name, but I think a Cuban Dodgers outfielder is using PEDs. Hitman for the Cuban gang inside the prison. Lvl 32 warlock, cubanpete24 Nobody is condoning it, but it's understandable from his point of view. Look at USAID in Cuba. Keep in mind, lots of STDs have a pretty long incubation period where you can spread but can't be tested Criticising Cuba for having nuclear weapons near the USA is like criticising the USA for having nuclear weapons near Cuba, but nobody ever did it, because it's just a forgone conclusion that the USA can put nukes wherever it wants. Cubanpete24 lvl 33 warlock Scubaguy194 &gt; Overall, however, Cuba depends on imports for only 16% of its food.

http://monthlyreview.org/2012/01/01/the-paradox-of-cuban-agriculture/ CIA fronts disguised as benevolent freedom advocates :V  
 
Example: http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/03/us-cuban-twitter-zunzuneo-stir-unrest Je dirais même que c'est un Cuba (prononciation espagnole). They serve little to no purpose, I'd remove them. Tried artificially incubating once, but they got moldy. What are you planting with?  Anything taller than HC Cuba or Monte Carlo will probably bury most of that lovely, lovely hardscape you've got so artfully positioned. ... in a scuba suit What about some sort of arrangement like seahorses? We still give live birth but they're tiny and then daddy stores them for incubation. Best of both worlds? Cuba gooding jr I agree the writer took some liberties with the Cuba comment.  How about Series 1 scuba guy (open, but just to verify), and any of these http://www.reddit.com/r/legotrade/comments/3762pt/h_various_polybags_and_some_loose_minifigs/   edit: For Killer croc Look at Mark The Cuban's face. He knows it. Hmm. Mark Cuban? Gazans are delighted that much needed aid is being delivered. Cuban flags are waved on the streets.  If you go, definitely check out Kuba Kuba if you like little Cuban cafes with bangin' food. TBH NBS Cubao is 1000% better than the former Fully Booked Gateway. Free vacations to Cuba, enjoy our wonderful one-star resort and complimentary feeding tubes. PS. No 4G coverage, no wifi. I'm a Cuban/Norwegian. Shipped to Cuba That is why Scuba-kun is superior! Cuba...

North Korea.... Sorry, Cuba recently took over as the position of fluffer and luber.  I'm in cuba from the eight - 22 of july, 22M They just want to talk about the pressing issues of the day; homosexuals, and the need to invade Cuba.  LOL, im not even white. Im from cuba originally That is a tough clue. Is it Cuba? Florida is really cool if you're going to Miami definitely try a Cuban sandwich because cuba embargo.  because big agra gamed itself govt subsidies and tariffs.

campaign financing, lobbying, govt/biz revolving door . . . our govt has been gamed to serve not the people, but business.   Which is crazy to be, considering they have the largest Cuban-American population in the United States. &gt;Is _lilPoundcake from Cuba

Something about Albaniaball and kebabs. Is it Albania? &gt;magically disowned the USSR and started to say, well that wasn't true socialism

It has always been a trend with those on the left.

First it was USSR, then Maoist China, Cuba and now Venezuela. I'm sure this just means Mark Cuban loves sentences with two appositive phrases in it. Sorry America, but a higher education in Canada is a good fucking: a student loan burden, and a job at Starbucks upon completion. We're a small 's' socialist country, not a Commie Regime. If you want free education, go to Cuba. When will you be in Miami? It's very different in the summer compared to the fall months. 
Definitely South Beach and Cuban sandwiches!  I have no clue, my physics teacher brought in a bunch of random eggs for our class incubator last year She´s cuban, migrated to Spain some years ago and is very well known here. She has starred in a lot of TV series.  Master Scuba Diver I've got three.

* SCUBA diving
* Trying to speak a new language
* Learning how to skateboard Production no longer takes a % of the company, allegedly at the request of Mark Cuban who said it was a reason why he wouldn't sign for another season.  The Royals record is amazing when they score first (I'll look it up). Gordon's power is lost for at least one at bat but to have moose hosmer cubano up in Tue first with some one on 40% of the time vs 30% would make a noticeable difference The Paris and Munich Communes? Revolutionary Catalonia? Cuba?  Busca "Chilanga Banda - Cafe Tacuba" en youtube Sorry about your childhood experience. I hope you keep getting progressively more comfortable being in/under the water. Scuba is not for everyone, but there's a lot to be seen without it anyway, just by snorkeling as you did. I'm hoping the show doesn't just keep knocking Pied Piper back and the long term plan is to have them succeed. I don't want to be watching season 6,  years down the line,  and they are still in Erlich's incubator scrabbling for money. 
 I think the first three were until they were destroyed by outside forces

And Cuba seems to be functioning last time I checked The fact of the matter is, women are not incubators. Sorry.  Also try some Vieja Ropas and Cafe Cubano.  USAID for one.

[educate yourself](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/apr/03/us-cuban-twitter-zunzuneo-stir-unrest) Scuba or trap shooting, if you have places fairly close by where you can do either. gopro videos...going scuba diving next month. Nothing crazy but will be using vegas pro to edit. Videos will be anywhere from 3 minutes to 10? Cubase's pitch correction does this very easily so I bet melodyne, auto tune or FL pitcher will do it. You just set the tuning to 0 and transpose the original to whatever you want and tweak the formant. Sorry not versed in abletonese Cuba isn't US soil so not even sure why they mentioned it. This perpetuates the impression that Puerto Ricans aren't US citizens. The people of Guam have it the worst. John Oliver did a good segment on it a while ago. But moderators are here to moderate the content. 

The old /r/scuba v /r/swimming example reddit uses in its mod faq is this exactly. It's a nods job to keep the subreddit clean, moderate the content, and keep everything running.  http://shop.markcuban.com/universal-symbol-for-a-billionaire-tee-dark/ http://www.tripadvisor.ca/LocationPhotoDirectLink-g147271-d500979-i57220794-Chinatown-Havana_Cuba.html

Chinatown Havana? Barrio Chino, La Habana, Cuba Wait I can hear my arceus saying something!!


It is saying 'pls i want to go live with cubanpete26, pls trade me for that manaphy' Turkey Cubano's are pretty good too. Just get extra mustard. Miami is not a representation of the state of Florida, it's definitely its own little world. But while there get some good Cuban food and coffee.  It would be great especially since I dive (saw you in /r/scuba before ;) and my S.O. snorkels unfortunately she tends to get sick on boats if it lasts more than few hours. Cuban was on quite a few episodes of entourage near the end, maybe he just likes being on HBO even if its making fun of him. Vote for the UR22 interface. It's built like a tank, and has smooth pots. 

The #1 thing that I like about the UR22 is the software driver. I can record in 96k (supports up to 192k) and I've never had a lick of problems with Cubase. It's solid.  No, not for me at least. I've smoked enough Cubans but from the smell of it I can't really distinguish it directly from a (similar made) Dominican. Bands though that's another thing.   Just as there are still troops in Germany, Japan, Cuba, Kosovo and pretty much anywhere else they go. The US military never truly goes home. I would totally support Mark Cuban buying the Rockies I would love to be the guy in the scuba suit cleaning the inside of the big cylinder tank in the Boston aquarium  Because it costs billions to get anywhere that hasn't been explored. It isn't feasible for a normal person to explore oceans. At my budget and location, even scuba diving would cost several grand that I don't have. My dream is that global warming erases that school from the map or maybe we sell them to Cuba.  Se Jesus voltasse ele seria mandado para Cuba.  UR22 using Cubase 8 In my world, vampires (and succuba) steal time off of the end of someone's lifespan, however they get one year for every decade they take. Most animals are just not economical for that; humans are a lot easier to take than, say, whales or elephants. There's no way I'm giving that up. I may even get a paid vacation to Cuba for it [I hear I get free healthcare there, too!] Cuba isnt a very large power, thus is isnt going to send this many vehicles to Palestine. Even if it is old Current record: 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/09/30/deepest-dive-record-ahmed-gabr-scuba_n_5902316.html

High pressure gasses, even oxygen at high pressures, becomes really bad for you. So these dives are very dangerous. Make the most of your university's incubator. Often-times they don't ask for much equity, if any. Even if you don't get funding, they're a really great resource for help. I'm going to be buried with scuba equipment.

Just in case. Tupac's in Cuba too. Easy. No lungs. Booze flows through your blood and your goddamn pulmonary system. All you gotta do is go scuba. No lungs, no booze smell. Genius.  scuba diving I'd say I'm at a Cuba Cuban missile crisis, saved us from World War III and risked wiping all of humanity off the face of the earth. Nikita Khrushchev removed and dismantled all nuclear weapons in Cuba and shipped them back to the soviet union. Looks a LOT like [a shark](http://www.scubaazores.com/Webbilder/haitauchen/_DSC4251.jpg). Those monoprop eyes and ramjet mouth tho... is the Cuba of the Middle East...one super party everybody love asking for sacrifice and promising a future...poor people.

nobody knows what it have until it lose it. Props to whoever added Orishas  "A lo Cubano" Cuban hip hop at its best I forgot how Phat they were, nice one! Mark Cuban put radio on the internet! [The gazebo before scuba gear is necessary.](http://www.herecomestheguide.com/images/area_images/ParadiseCoveLakeGrapevine01.jpg) Hi, I am magicuba2's guide dog, unfortunately, he can't leave the house without me. Besides, he can't watch more porn being already blind Glass or Acrylic?  And where do you house the baby scuba divers?  i'm just assuming you are the head baby. Considering our recent track record with Cubans (Puig, Guerrero), this guy is definitely gonna tear it up when he's ready. Over .400 OBP in Cuba for his 10 year career? - YES PLZ. GIMME MOAR. Fuck scuba equipment, I need a submarine. I am guessing the Cubans found it easy enough... It's acrylic, and the baby scuba divers stay in their cages if they know what's good for them. so you're confirming head baby?  Where do you get your scuba gear?  Is it more expensive? Gurka and RP for the hate

Cubans for the love/hate (looking @ you Cohiba)

 Cuban heels? It'd be harder to argue that it wasn't threatened during the cold war. Nukes in Cuba was no joke. Scuba is an acronym.

And there's a *huge* difference between schadenfreude and sadism. &gt;Scuba is an acronym

Well I just used it as a word. It's been okay haha, I'm super tired lately I just got back from Cuba a few days ago, ate bad food there and got like so many bug bites too D:

How was your weekend? Colombians and Cubans in Miami during the 80's, cocaine cowboys, one bloody episode in South Florida history Hi guys. We travel on Game Days. I'm just going to park my truck right here and sell some Cuban subs.  I'm wearing three condoms underneath a scuba suit just in case. Cuba. Already exists mostly without international trade. http://www.businessinsider.com/mark-cuban-on-becoming-a-billionaire-2014-8 In n out is the best chain burger joint and if you disagree, you might as well go move to Cuba cuz you're a god damned communist. Well that's a very thought out argument isn't it?

Scuba is a word as well as laser and radar... Who cares that it was originally an acronym? Why would that make what I said wrong? I'll buy 2 DC's of sand with delivery to Cuba (just east of Orion). 16d correct? that really annoys me and keeps me from scuba diving, even though its a quick way to get some pickups if you are short on cash. Which is why there are a lot of influences from Cuban culture... The amount of immigration is still nowhere near the scale of what New York once was though. People will prefer the food in one country over another. People will prefer the amusement parks in one country over another. People will prefer scuba diving in one country over another.  Also, Cuban just pissed his pants with Dallas playoff matchup. I dont know cuban dosent seem like he would be fine with tanking. Apparently some people think tupac isnt dead because someone took pictures of some one who looks like him in Cuba. Lighthouse cinema cuba usually had a little bin with posters in it you can grab, the amount really varies though. Los medios oficiales no han publicado la noticia en Cuba.  Ha! Mark Cuban wears a $30 shirt! He's not a billi! 

In all seriousness what about Europe where they use periods? My friend did that in Cuba with Valium (or Vicoden, can't remember). I want to buy that shirt, but I don't want to give my money to Cuban. Its real. Small format Cubans sometimes have hilarious band oddities. Most Communist countries were officially atheist and also had laws against homosexuality (Cuba, USSR, China, etc.). http://www.diariodecuba.com/cuba/1432382231_14742.html Ok, I'll bite.  There's this beer in your neighborhood by Cigar City called Cubano Espresso.  They sell it in cans.  Try that, and then get back to me.  We can make some serious money here! Cuba's a really nice place to go on holiday to, but I wouldn't live there for such a small amount of money. Half-Cuban here and I don't speak Spanish. I think if there was actually a stigma against English speaking, I probably would have learned Spanish. The Caribbean is by itself.

Haiti, Dominican Republic, and Cuba are all 10 million, Puerto Rico and Jamaica are 3 million, that's 36 million. Trinidad and Tobago is 1 mil and the rest are negligible.  Every trust-fund kid I went to college with who spent four years reminding me how evil America is and how enlightened and progressive Cuba and Venezuela are could not be reached for comment. Indigo Vapor makes some yummy juice, and they make a good one:  [Captain Coffee](http://juicedb.com/juices/4933). [Cuban Coffee](http://juicedb.com/juices/4100) by Hurricane Vapor is also pretty yummy. &gt; We just normalized relations with the other communist country. We play the way we do with North Korea because we have a treaty with South Korea.

Why were there decades of embargo place on Cuba anyway? .... HINT: Ideological war. 

Get a clue.  He's Mark Cuban. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcast.com So far the only one who has escaped the cold is my mom, but it could be incubating. &gt; THEY CALL ME CUBAN PETE I'd say he's very inspired by Cuban, even the Radio on the Internet, is awfully similar to broadcast.com

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcast.com Consultant/Freelancer so wherever the hell I want!

Local incubator, coffee shop (I have a favourite), one of my clients offices, university, home, state library.

Where there is fiber I can be. [Obligatory]( http://www.thecubanhistory.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/071613_Jose-Fernandez_600.jpg) Then why did it take so long to remove embargoes on Cuba?(also Cuba and NK don't follow the same ideologies, but they do both have radically different ideologies to the U.S). 

 Crawford needed scuba gear for that dive Who are la Habanaero? The Cubans are becoming very concerned by this raiding group you speak of.  Lvl 34 warlock max sunsingrr with hunger add cubanpete24 Us Cubans call that Beeks. Beeks cures any ailment. Sick?  Beeks. Tired?  Beeks. Too drunk? Beeks. Anxious? Beeks. Ugly? Well... nah,  not that.  It's not magic, after all.  The United States has always been interventionist from the very beginning. We have always had our eyes on Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean (especially Cuba), Central America, and the Pacific Weren't there bowl games in Cuba against Cuban teams? Just living where I already live is worth that/more all by itself. Plus, $150k isn't that much money. I make a decent living here *and* I live in a vastly more beautiful and comfortable place. Not to mention heat and hurricanes in Cuba. No thanks. We all know tupac is in cuba.
Niggod is the false prophet all hail the holy pentagon. We deny all heathens.  I'm assuming it has something to do with Mark Cuban Switzerland should get Chansey. 


I think Persian fits Russia in some way. But maybe also some other Pokémon. 


Hariyama for Cuba. 


Lotad and Tropius and Shiftry for Brazil. 


Maybe Marowak for France but I'm not sure why.  korgのとか良さそうだったけど2万円弱とか、ピュアオーディオ客がターゲットだな。

っていうか、Cubaseで鳴ってるままで再生してくれよ。Cubaseのほうが高い代物だろ。 &gt;the only foreign football team ever to play in an **American** bowl game.

Those are Cuban bowl games you're talking about, not American. I imagine a lot of the "other" responses are mostly something like "FL + Live" or "Logic + Cubase", etc Scuba is the cat of Reddit, as Charlie LeDuff is the reported of Reddit..  YES!!!!!!  CUBAN MISSILE!!!!!!!!!!!!! We don't know if Cuban cummed on the cushions though. I, for one, welcome our new Cuban overlords. Have shown to actually incubate better growth.  It really depends on your tastes. I'm quite a fan of cigars hailing from Nicaragua or the Dominican Republic. Regardless, try La Gloria Cubana...that was my first. Still a favorite of mine.  I didn't know black Cubans could vote in Irish decisions. ["Hip-hop aint been the same since Tupac moved to Cuba on us"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL6wTfTc-uA#t=1m15s) Haha, these are supposedly from Cuba, straight from the factory and  my friend said that they were 100% real.  My opinion is that they are fake. Alignment of squares on band are sloppy. If the C in Cuba is pierced that's another tell-tale sign.   Where has market based solutions lowered drug prices? Certainly not in the US or countries in Africa that rely on foreign aid to pay for medication. Even cut off and corrupt Cuba has far lower drug prices.  But without higher taxes how will those with ECE diplomas be able to afford all-inclusive Cuban vacations from jobs that have them wiping toddler bums from the benefit of federal NDP childcare programs?!?! Top three realistically (in the traditional recording-based audio engineer perspective)  is ProTools, Logic, and *Cubase*.

But ProTools is most common by a long shot (most high-end studios run a Pro Tools HD system with high quality A/D converters). Or UT. But as I said in another reply, it probably comes down to who said they'd be in it, and I'm assuming that happened to be Mark Cuban. You see that catch on sports center? I was so fucking stoked. I'm on vacation in Cuba and I jumped out of my seat when I saw it. They didn't even say it was VCU just that it was the A-10 tourny, but it was amazing none the less. I mean, American bowl game could mean any bowl including an American team... its not like Cuba was playing Haiti... It was an American bowl game, which was played in cuba...  I'm a fairly anxious person so people seem pretty surprised when I tell them one of my favorite hobbies is scuba diving and that I have been skydiving.  Well it would have to be a country with little involvement in international trade. Maybe Cuba? That seems strangely.. Un-Cuban. Especially after Fidel's words expressing his regret over oppression of homosexuals after the revolution.  E você acredita que as tentativas já feitas, como cuba, urss e china sejam erros? Other than this one website, I haven't seen anything from any other source, so i'm very skeptical of this. Particularly given Cuba's acceptance of SSM as of late, i see no reason why they would bother to try and block out such world wide news...  Stray from behind the group when you're walking or standing or scuba diving or some shit and ask her to come with you or whatever Yes, sir, I'm Cuban Pete! Mark Cuban felt the same way Vietnam/Laos, Tried to take over Cuba and Iran also looking at Iraq and Afghanistan now it's clear they failed.

Also they were only on the end of WW2 and helped with clean up.

So pretty much every conflict they enter With all the Cubans we have on our team. I was think more along the lines of "The Cuban Missile Crisis." GET IT. CAUSE THEY ARE HITTING BOMBS. Up vins to the left.  /u/TrollaBot CubanNippleCrisis69 I played you before. Remember scuba Stevie's lui kang? Lol God I hate seeing comments like this. If you owned a Huskie you'd know that even if you locked it in a safe and threw it in a lake, Huskies are such great dogs it'd be out there with a lock pick and scuba gear. Alternative title: Major news-networks in Cuba did not report on another countries updated policies on the same day the vote passed. Hi!  Hey- is that Marc Cuban sitting there with you?  The Cuban government or the Cuban people accept SSM? That's an important distinction to make. &gt;ever heard of the Cuban missile crisis?

Yeah it happened because the US put missiles in Turkey and because the Cubans feared another US invasion after the Bay of Pigs attempt  The international standard is now just spaces. Cuban needs to get with the times and print a three spaces t-shirt. Yes and the US Cuban facility is state of the art. You dont even have to feed yourself. Is this Scuba?? http://i.imgur.com/w5oiOJX.jpg Son solo colores, da lo mismo. Digo... Podríamos decir que usan los colores de Texas, Francia o Cuba. This. People are astounded when I explain how one could die by breathing 100% oxygen at just 6m below sea level. Many people think you breathe 100% oxygen when scuba diving.  I wonder if there is an online database about Cuban law. Ok, what do Republicans have in common with Cuba? Nas- Illmatic

Ghostface Killah- Supreme Clientele 

Mos Def and Talib Kweli- Blackstar

Outkast- Aquemini

Raekwon- Only Built 4 Cuban Lynx

 The egg account is now being incubated on a nest of doors. Don't ask. .....are you serious? The Cuban-Republican voting block is one of the strongest voting blocks in Florida (a major swing state).  Cuba has A LOT of catching up to do. How do I make the perfect sandwich cubano? What order do I place the ingredients?  Where do you expect it to be hosted from?

It isn't like Cuba greatly tolerates independent journalism.  1. Cuban bread
2. Ham
3. Salami 
4. Lettuce
5. Spinach
7. Splash of vinegar
8. Dash of salt
9. Enjoy your Cuban sandwich nope. Cubao. Be happy. They wanted a lot more for Ty than some other options. Also if he goes to the Mavs it stops Cuban from poaching Bev.  granma.cu
cubadebate.cu 

It's not a hard thing to try and verify. Those are Cuba's two main government ran internet news sites.

I don't see a peep about it.  Article was posted by a blog without any actual journalism. Cuba has, from what I've seen elsewhere, been fairly forward in their acceptance of same sex marriage. This article is garbage. 1. A sucubas from Greek mythology 

2. Hulk

3. A team of inklings


4. Lady gaga. (Ran out of clever extremes on this one) 

5. A fusion danced wolverine,Homer Simpson, James Bond, and Peter Griffin I would 100% do this. I don't judge Mark Cuban for being an egomaniacal douche nozzle. I would make him look like Ghandi with what a jackass I would turn into with a billion dollars.  FL Studio uses elastique v3 - an external stretch algorithm. Ableton is using the same, but older v2. So there's no difference between your favorite DAWs - Cubase' Vari Audio is also using the same algorithm. i dont want bev back unless he's the backup pg.  rockets need a real starting pg that can make plays and handle the ball.  let cuban overpay him with a 8-10mil per contract If you lived in Canada and need to call in Cuba then it is important to adapt the calling ways so that you can call without thinking so much on cost price or connection.
 You understand that that Cuban-American block is anti-Cuba, right? [Cuba has some crude history regarding homosexual rights](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_Units_to_Aid_Production)  Griefers like Firstasatragedy and Cuban Pete who only play this game to ruin the rounds for others.  I had to get scuba gear installed in this helmet so I can dive into that pussy. Give it another decade or two. As evidenced with Cuba, you hold a grudge for a while, and then you assume the offenders' grandkids have learned not to do the same shit, and you move on. There is a charter you can goto on Maui that takes you out to an old volcano where you can do this, it's fucking awesome. No SCUBA stuff on the one I went on but it's shallow enough that you can swim down and get really close to everything. This goes beyond Argentina though. Have you been to Chile? Mexico? Venezuela? Brasil? Uruguay? Panama? Cuba? Just to name a few. These countries are HEAVILY European influenced. I'm actually not sure for snorkeling, like you i use it for SCUBA diving. &gt; Cuba’s leaders have always been against equal legal rights for all Cubans.

That's rather broad! Does Cuban news often cover Irish politics in the first place? Is it actually a black out or just something they don't really have any cause to report on in the first place? Cuba does the same in Venezuela, the people they send are either commited party members or kept segregated from locals and tightly controlled. Probably half that 400 strong NK contingent are there to guard the others. Took Tuesday off to. Sitting in Bermuda, naked, and drinking Goslings (3.5 liters in 5 days), while smoking a cuban on my balcony.  


I heartily agree that national holidays are great for doing nothing. Huh, maybe I was wrong and the pope did influence Cuba  Echo, a New York-based BBS that called itself an "online salon" and was an early '90s incubator of "[the appalling realities of socializing on line](https://www.nytimes.com/books/98/02/15/reviews/980215.15goldbet.html)." It's not a big deal. I do histology and it's very routine boring stuff. We are allowed to listen to music and play around on the computer while we wait for stuff to finish imcubating,  staining, etc. Scuba diver here, and when you get into the water you sit on the edge of the boat and face the middle, then roll off backwards. It makes it a whole lot easier, getting in face forwards is *very* hard to do with all the equipment on Sorry, but the skin-tight black body suit of scuba gragas is too amazing. It's a shame they missed the opportunity to make him throw scuba tanks instead of barrels. If i'm not wrong, they don't have anything to do with the DAW, they are appart (maybe WaveLab with Cubase and ReCycle with Reason). Cuba does the same thing with its world famous doctors It's diviest dive bar in Cubao. Google it. I've done some SCUBA too and that sounds awful. [looks like it's mostly pythons](http://www.petplace.com/article/reptiles/general/breeding-reptile-reproduction/snake-egg-incubation) that brood Well, to be fair, Cuba is blacked out to most of the world. Disappointed there's no scuba equipment here. Because of the flooding. Cuba and the USA have almost the exact same suicide rates, Iran has a much lower rate.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_suicide_rate The Cuban government has been surprisingly open about lgbt rights. Even more so over the last decade with Raul Castro's daughter. The government is the one educating the citizens about lgbt rights.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_rights_in_Cuba I think that there will be some sort of 'Cuban missle crisis' with China in the future and I expect Taiwan to be the location. Used to live in Cuba since I was born there, now live in Florida, 'Murica Daddy SCUBA 'n' Slut
or
Daddy's Cuban Slut? If you ever get the chance, go! Depends on what you want to see as far as what part to go to... But if you're into scuba/snorkeling/beautiful beaches in general, Okinawa is where it's at. Plus you cannot beat Japanese food. *drool* It would be fucking hilarious if it was Castro that killed him all along and it came out right before he died just as we were done formalizing relations with Cuba. Cuba Gooding Jr in his best role yet  My ex used to send me funny cat pictures from reddit when he knew I'm having a long day at work. I loved it! (That's how I got to know Scuba:) 

Then he somewhat stopped sending them and I knew something was wrong. Not long after that we broke up... The same valsalva maneuver used in SCUBA diving? (pinching your nose closed and trying to exhale out of it, resulting in your ears popping)  If bought in Cuba, these sometimes can be very good. They can sometime be made from tobacco lifted from the factories or from farm tobacco. As another poster said, if long filler and good, keep them and enjoy.  Well The crime rate was pretty low in the eastern bloc and still is in Cuba. That does sound strange then. Either way, I'm glad I don't live in Cuba regardless of what they put on the news. The one when they have group discussion in rehab and try to apologize to Cuba then he grabs his finger We're known for cigar factories and cuban sandwiches. I dont see why this is even on the front page. Why is cuba such an important part of the Irish vote for same sex marriage.. is cuba the only country which didnt report on it? You realize most of them are Republican? That was the point I was making. I know they are anti-Cuba. I would be too if all my wealth was stolen and I had to flee a nation that turned its' back on me.  Mad Cuban on Fairview Road is great. Yelp agrees! Yes they do. Just not as often, or the same way as you can in college because of the defensive three seconds violation.

[Mark Cuban talks a bit about Dallas running it](https://youtu.be/SAkVnlA9CJo?t=10m13s) the year they won the championship. I'm minoring in scuba diving so I'll stick with my ability to swim  (PS) Cross post this to /r/scuba as well. That sub is more active than this one.  Variation on the [same theme](http://billlorraine.com/Bill%20lorraine%20Final%20Cuba%20Images%20FULL/Cuba%20photos%20-%20web%20site/Nude%20female%20riding%20chicken%20sculpture.jpg). Look at band D, 3 dots above the Cohiba band.  http://www.cubancigarwebsite.com/brand.aspx?brand=Cohiba  That's because they are already professionals in their DAW of choice.

Just because not many professionals endorse it, doesn't mean it's bad. Decide for yourself. Also consider that it's a much newer program than Ableton or Cubase, etc. How are Scuba Diver's fins attached?  He's the one minifig I've never had standing on the included base plate, but if I'm going to make a Ribba box I'll need to get the fins in his hands! Now that youve said that, the Rangers and Blackhawks will both win Game 7 and turn into the most traditional SCF since Boston/Chicago.

Thanks Scuba Steve. :( You aren't making any sense.  How does having an anti-Cuba voting block make them more like Cuba? Sashas on Pleasantburg is Columbian food, but they have the best damn Cuban sandwich I've ever had.  

[](http://sachascafe.com/) He ran to Cuba with all of our upvotes. Yes, of course. Singapore has an international airline and silly Cuba decided to languish under an American economic embargo and forgo establishing itself as a major international commercial hub. Absolutely useless article. My grandparents are from Cuba. My grandfather always said Communism is a good idea, but the people in charge always end up being a little more equal than their comrades. &gt;*like modern-day North Korea*

Or to a lesser extent, Cuba. Like [the segment hen Conan O'Brien visited a mercado in Cuba.](http://newsbusters.org/blogs/jack-coleman/2015/03/05/conan-obrien-goes-cuba-and-its-regime-quickly-censors-him) They had to incubate their eggs, they did not just leave them to be eaten. Maybe you mean they nested on the ground, being a flightless bird, they didn't really have any other options.  in case comrades are wondering this was also filmed during recent RATB brigade from Britain. Kenia Serrano is a Cuban parliament member and President of The Cuban Institute of Friendship with the Peoples (ICAP).  Soviet-style communism? American-style free economy? This oversimplifies the Cuban situation so much, it's ridiculous.  Awe, thanks! Yes, I am of Cuban decent and my wife is from Korea :-) by that logic the whole cuban missile crisis could have been avoided had the US just stayed out of Cuba! I have a scenario of a flooded planet, a la Waterworld. The stock models already have kind of a scuba look to them I feel.

Plus, shifty Mon Calamari might be discovered! Its a trap!  Have you seen the documentary where the Cubans talk about how they and the CIA were working together and had like 4 teams of snipers surrounding the scene?  It's my understanding that Cuba has always had free trade relations with the EU, Canada, China, Japan and other countries. In light of this, would one country's embargo really matter much? Just think, your deal has forever altered the course of Cuban medical history. Thanks for sharing! OK buddy.  I post on the Marine sub reddit, the scuba subreddit and the Emergency medicine subreddit. But I've fooled all of them and you're the one thats correct.


*click* I guess I overlooked the part where you said "once symptoms show". Point is if you get treated quickly after exposure you're almost certain to survive it. It usually takes a couple of months for rabies to incubate once you're exposed. What you mentioned on your first paragraph is exactly what has been going on in Cuba ever since Castro overtook power and it's what's going to happen to Venezuela eventually if things do not change Cuba sucks. Absolutely. It's low risk, but with rabies it's always better to be no risk. Rabies takes a few months to incubate in your body, so you still have time to go talk to the doctor and get the shot.  https://www.flickr.com/photos/130317682@N06/sets/72157653078784379

My album from Cuba. 4x6 shots on an AE-1P on Ektar 100, 6x6 shots on a Yashica-mat on Portra 400 China, Cuba, North Korea and Vietnam are all communist. What are you on about? Living conditions in these nations are horrible. Yea, and the 3 comma club is the BBC, or "billionaire boys club" that Cuban always goes off about. There's no practical way to track fungible goods like that. Also, there was no reason that Cuba couldn't have manufactured consumer goods for people in the EU like Singapore did. There's no re-selling there &gt; Those suffering from capitalism are silenced and oppressed.
 
Cuba, the non-capitalist state, doesn't have cell phones or the internet. That's silence and oppression.

I'm not repeating propaganda. I'm googling information. incredible! love the cuban. and vertical chinese republic banknote Fake.  Easy to tell from the band and the loose Habanos and Cuba seal in the blurred background.  Cut one open and show us what's inside when you can. The point is that capitalist Ireland is moving human rights forward, and socialist Cuba isn't. russians in incubators  How much do you figure that would have affected prices of any goods shipped from Cuba? [Cuba is actively keeping the internet out of Cuba](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=censorship+in+cuba).

&gt; That's silence and oppression. It was actually delicious. It all comes down to the type of honey you use. Cuban honey is the way to go  If we are talking about North America as a whole, then don't we also need to bring to the table Cuba, Haiti, Dominican Republic and all the Caribbean islands? Whats the difference? I'm starting from almost ground zero. I've been to a recording studio once and I've done some basement tracks for my band in cubase. 

Also thanks for taking time to respond. ¿Y crees que la Cuba de principios de siglo daba a su proletariado la opción de escoger su sistema? TBF I can also picture Mark Cuban bumping this song. I think Conan showed a great representation of what they got under communism when he went on his trip to Cuba. Must suck to only have one choice of everything. https://youtu.be/hjfogiltO80?t=3m20s So if we develop a rabies that has an even slower incubation period, could we make zombies? American Paratroopers, British Snipers, French Grand Cannons, German Tank Destroyers, South Korean Black Eagles, Russian Tesla Tanks, Iraqi Desolators, Cuban Terrorists, and Libyan Demolition Trucks. I'm in Atlantic Canada, so not exactly a scuba mecca, but busy enough 6 months of the year Doesn't the incubation period depend on the distance between the bite and the central nervous system? I thought I'd heard that the virus travels through nerves after infection. Went to Cuba back in 2007. It's beautiful there, I'm glad more have been able to go see it. There's really so much there to enjoy.  Are you cuban?

bio/chem/biochem/bioengineering


Get through undergrad with high gpa (3.7+). Take your MCAT (30+).


Apply. http://gyazo.com/f8efc3415a2947412b0bbea6314770cd
&gt;cuban pete

Really... Yeah, I also have a theory about the kindergarden, what if all of them were a clone to a superior Gem, then all of them are mindless except for Amethyst because she's been incubated longer. Has anyone ever had that idea aside from me?  A [basket star](http://scuba.about.com/od/nightdiving/ig/Night-Dive-Photo-Gallery/Stingray-at-Night.htm#step-heading). They unfurl themselves like that at night. During the day, it's an unassuming clump, all wrapped up. The only project that I know of being renamed was quantum -&gt; neutron.  maybe some incubated ones are changing though. Technically, you're still in the range of observed incubation periods. I recommend panicking.  ....Cuban-Republicans....often are against Cuba. There that is the relationship. I was talking about the relationship of Cuban-Americans and the Republican party.  My mom escaped Cuba in 1964 and she couldn't stop crying when she saw an American supermarket for the first time. While I totally agree with your point, I'd just like to point out that it's not just Mexicans and Cubans who are "illegal". These sorts of immigrants pour in from all over the world.  A big ol' plate of Beef Stroganoff with some heated up Cuban bread on the side, with some sweet tea to drink.  Scuba looks fearless,almost soulless. I'll be in Belize mid July for a few days. Roughly the 7/12-15th. Not scubaing but I'm going to caye caulker to snorkel, relax etc. Maybe we could meet.  Whataburger (best served to the inebriated at 3-4 am on the weekends)

Gordo's Cuban Cafe (Tallahassee, FL) 

Btw OP, are you actually a doctor and/or manatee?  Its not really the incubation period, which typically means asymptomatic, but the period between developing symptoms and death. Hey girl, do you like communism? Cos rn you're giving me a Cuban Missile Crisis. They call him Cuban Pete...  should probably go hide out in cuba for a while fam I need more Cuban cuisine in my life. Only Cuban place near me (SW Houston) closed up. Life is suffering. from Scubaman3D [source BIS forum]

&gt; Nah, already said we're not going to get into modifying items like animating hoods or sleeves of shirts. To many technical limitations and potential problems for no real gain.
 Here are [interviews](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#tbm=vid&amp;q=cuban+refugee+interview) with Cuban refugees. Spoiler alert: they didn't like it. &gt;It'll be on duolingo in a ~~few months~~ [couple of weeks](http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/eo/en/status)

ftfy

And it's pretty exciting! Tool. Warpaint. War on Drugs. Broken Social Scene. Foster the People. Failure. Bonobo. Aphex Twin. Sleater-Kinney. Feist. Sufjan Stevens. Mastodon. Scuba, and a ton of drum 'n bass producers none of you have likely ever heard of.  Is a premature baby who needs an incubator not "truly an entity"? Vic2, playing as Cuba.  
Somehow I can build Ironclads only in my capital (Havana), even though my naval bases in other provinces are level 3. Why is that? Hi, I'm interested in killer Croc and TwoFace. I have series 1 Scuba guy and series 5 lizardman. As well http://imgur.com/1nuMyGJ and http://imgur.com/2IuVJeB and http://imgur.com/xLYWsGG &gt; The no-date is more "pure."

Also, logically, who needs to know the *date* while you're scuba-diving? Will he become a "Cuban Spider Man" now? Slower incubation, better transmission between humans, and a splash of ancient burial site mojo. Fun fact: Raekwon's album "Only Built for Cuban Linx" heavily sampled the English dubs from this movie. Not all Cubans look the same true there a many different definitions of socialism, Bernie Sanders thinks some countries in EU are socialist.  I disagree, Im a purist - a command economy where there is no private property.  Cuba is socialist, North Korea etc... Not true.  The US applies sanctions to any company from anywhere in the world that trades with Cuba.

Ask yourself why the US is so scared of Communist success if in fact they believed that Communism would fail by itself. \#NotAllCubans If you escaped from Cuba, you'd be a Castro-not. Workshop/incubator type space.  Areas that can be utilized for bike repair, woodworking projects, etc. Unless you have an ovipositor fetish.

[](/tentenwouldincubate)  I remember reading about this, the solution seems easy: add a poweful bitterant to the oil and watch the thefts stop. This is what Cuba did when they had similar problems in the 90s. The 30+ eggs in my  incubator right now is proof I am very guilty of this. Surely there are some amusements. Go deep sea scuba diving. Fly an airplane. Elaborately prank random strangers.

I don't know -- surely something is interesting. Frequently low energy can be a problem --- crush red bull, I guess. No joke, I once knew a guy who claimed he'd done underwater welding. He was a SCUBA instructor and he had had a ton of different jobs, so it's not outside the realm of possibility, and he said that was one of the best paying positions he'd ever had.  Go to the Vatican. 

Go to Mecca

Go to Japan (Tokyo)

Get a girlfriend =(

Win a CSGO tournament 

Travel Europe with my 'Cousin' I can explain later

Skydive 

Scuba dive

Build a bridge (budding engineer here!)

Make a track that reaches the top 50 Southeast Florida here. So basically North Cuba Scuba diving and work no no, you see, I need my incubators free so I can order coturnix eggs and finally get started with quail soon! Don't.

If you insist on doing it anyway, your best bet would be a firefighters' SCBA unit, or a SCUBA tank if you can't find one. Both are heavy as fuck and not really meant for UrbEx. From wiki "Incubation periods as short as four days and longer than six years have been documented, depending on the location and severity of the contaminated wound and the amount of virus introduced."

Translation. You're so dead I found out why madbum hates our Cuban players http://media0.giphy.com/media/B65DCV0qpVG9y/giphy.gif Whats La Habana, you mean like Cuba?  yep...La Habana, Cuba...you should go for a 2 weeks vacation... =] Now we just stick em in a prison in Cuba. The english "concentration camp" originates from the spanish "reconcentrados", which were camps used by the spanish army during the 10 years war in Cuba. 

Stop your bullshit. The complete lack in logic and the fallacies to turn a question of what is expected in a Cuban newspaper into the conclusion that the person asking the question doesn't think it's newsworthy is what I can't follow. &gt; Hacienda is great- Don't expect anything resembling authentic mexican and it's enjoyable and a local staple.

To your point: their Cuban Sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten, yet has absolutely no resemblance to a Cuban Sandwich. Xbone? Gt: S0meCubanGuy. 1.6+ k/d. I'm planning on hitting skirmish tomorrow or maybe thursday to practice for ToO. But Cubans and Mexicans are typically what most Americans picture when they think of an "illegal immigrant." [Cuban B](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BChMEKf300Q) Cycling and SCUBA diving.

Basically I'm saying I like to pick up expensive hobbies. Cubase, got an RP355 and all the standard plugins.  Er, you're thinking of the Spanish in Cuba mate just before the Spanish American War. Cool man, I use Cubase too! I like to ask those questions because I'll see kids who say they want to be a producer, yet they don't even have a DAW. If I'm going to America it ain't gonna be Cuba unless for work *Sea Knight

*Cuban Stock Triumph

*Camacho Triple Maduro since everyone here has confirmed your suspicions all I'll say is if i had a friend that gifted me a 575$ (cuban price) box of espys I'd marry them lol Found an apartment in Cubao, and moving on Saturday. Any tips or hacks or words of caution? Also, good morning!  
  
EDIT: First time to live alone (tho not really alone because I'm living with two of my bestfriends) This is in cuba I stood there....brb better than what I got in cuba for $50... it was nothing... some garbage rapped in paper :( They where trying to grab your prize, they work for the incubator, the cat faced man. It's great that it will be much easier for Cubans to come to the U.S. soon. Some stories, like [Puig's](http://www.lamag.com/longform/escape-from-cuba-yasiel-puigs-untold-journey-to-the-dodgers/) are even crazier. Ironically, almost no nations participated in the embargo after a while. It was only America obsessing over Cuba. Then again America is the largest market on Earth. 

http://www.theguardian.com/world/2006/aug/03/cuba.duncancampbell2 Ableton Suite. I've used Cubase and FL Studio for extended periods of time before, but Ableton just feels perfect for my needs. Everyone has their own favourite though. Must be Highly Questionable?  One of them an old cuban dude? the dude in the lower bottom corner looks like the scuba diver from the Spongebob Movie As a supporter of the free market I heartily concur with the Forbes article. It got its act a little together when Raul took over and trade with the US is the next step. I think Cuba will eventually be a US state with skyscrapers like Singapore. &gt; Liberate Country CB for Philippines and Cuba

We didn't free the Philippines we kept that shit as a colony. &gt; I think Cuba will eventually be a US state with skyscrapers like Singapore.

I think you're just trolling at this point. 
 Don't worry, that's just God's asshole. She had curry for lunch and can't be assed going to the back of universe to dump like a motherfucker. I recommend strapping on your emergency scuba gear.  cubase立ち上げ直し２分間とレンダリング待ち３分間の連続インターバルがきつい。

作業の間に毎回カップラーメンを待っているようなものだ。10回修正すると1時間くらい待ち時間に使うことになる。 Facetious about the state, but not about the skyscrapers. Cuba's been parked in the 50s so long it's the quaintness capital of North America. Once tourists and businesses get the go-ahead, Cuba will take off like a rocket.  En el sureste (y al parecer en Cuba) cada casa tiene un tinaco en el techo, donde se almacena el agua potable. I'd buy Cuba.  Miami is full of Cubans and Latin american people. Spanish is spoken everywhere you go. Its the opposite of the southern US.  &gt; Cuba's been parked in the 50s so long it's the quaintness capital of North America.

Except for that biotech industry. 
 Hmm any desire for FB more moro out there? It's finally dropping tomorrow after being delayed for weeks. I know I can get a few 4 packs, id be looking for a stickee monkey or a sucuba. Brewery is selling them for 12 a 4 pack. Cuban breakfast? Me  personally do not think pac is dead I still think he is alive and every one says he is livin in Cuba? They stumbled into it.

"In the wake of the Soviet collapse, Cuba got so good at making knockoff drugs that a thriving industry took hold." - [Wired article](http://archive.wired.com/wired/archive/12.12/cuba.html) time for some cuban lights [M] Fuckin' Cubans... Hey finally got something past the Cuban Blockade by Castro


(Yes i know he's Dominican, shut up there was no Dominican blockade) It's not just Orlando in general Florida is a shitty state and the only redeeming qualiies are the beaches and Cuban food.  Orlando doesn't have either.  It's just hot humid generic sprawl without any culture.  What part of Cubao? He done goofed

everybody knows you got to use concrete shoes for a job like that. Tie yourself to a winch up top and you can have a scuba dive, redneck style Nobody *would* give them shit for not snitching. 

Nobody would give them shit if they did, either. Except the new overshoes and SCUBA vacation.  A Cuban Press? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ-jtK0prxs I do realize this is difficult, I have spent days researching, I'm hoping with Cuba and the US finally normalizing relations that's something appears.  If you ask him really nice he'll tell you about seeing Jess Willard whip that coon Jack Johnson in Cuba. Google "Scuba Steve bluray", it'll get you on the right track. It's almost the same way [the US treated the so called "Cuban 5"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_Five#Arrests.2C_convictions_and_sentences)


 Its the only way to get the whole thing.  Philippines has three states, trying to fully acquire each one and then Cuba and Puerto Rico would probably go over the infamy limit. That's casa as a scuba ting. This Cuban dude is starting to piss me off. Maybe we should ask socialist venezuela and cuba to offer them a home? Cuba will send 2,000 Soldiers. Welcome to Cubao.  Next time take it scuba diving Cuba is not part of NATO, therefore will not be able to send the soldiers. Hi! it's Cubase Elements 7 and Nuendo for mastering :3 /u/cubanpete26 you better enter m8 Never knew this saying, but my grandfather, who was born in Cuba is an orthopedist, so go figure. Also 3 out of his 4 sons are doctors. Pretty much what a Cuban is, I think.  Ham and mustard in there, too. dude. I'm a graduating high school senior right now and the college I committed to has an underwater basket weaving club where people get scuba certified, and then weave baskets underwater. SO PUPMED 1) FFOX Angels Share
2) FFOX perfecxion 4
3) AF Casa Cuba Scuba. In the movie Gladiator (not the Russell Crowe one), one of the boxers gets his corner to put something from a syringe on his tape, then blinds Cuba Gooding. Me and My Bitch - Biggie

Only Built 4 Cuban Linx - Raekwon

Undun - The Roots
 Central America is continental North America. Also he was in Cuba which is most certainly North America.  Is it a Cuban thing? Cubans don't know how to slide confirmed.  Why don't our Cubans know how to slide? Cubans seem to just run through things. See: Puig and walls. Get a copy of the new CA mag on Cuba. It's pretty much what I'd recommend as a starting point.  Are you going into Havana or elsewhere? This hands down. All it would take is a virus with a longer incubation period that mimics common cold/allergy symptoms and it would wipe out a large part of the world. Think if there was an ebola outbreak during flu season.  MRT/bus to Cubao then LRT2 to V. Mapa station.  There's a reason every country that tries to adopt a centrally planned socialist economy end up with people starving in the streets.

Sanders supporters should speak to Cubans, Venezuelans or North Koreans about the greatness of socialism. Solidarity to the people of Cuba! Long live the revolutionary vision of Comrades Fidel and Raúl Castro and Che Guevara! Do they not teach guys how to properly slide in Cuba? Sliding does not seem to be a concern of Cuban coaches Right! I feel like that with Jupiña and Materva (I'm a Cuban shitlord from Miami)  As are most of the Cuban players. &gt; This is why socialism has to be a society-wide revolution and a rejection of the price mechanism, like they did in the USSR, or Cuba, or the DPRK, or Venezuela. 

And it worked out so well for those countries, huh. Heard someone say, may have been Vin, that the quality of the fields as a young player in Cuba don't lend themselves to learning to slide properly. Second this... unless you really know what youre looking at LCDH Is the **only** way to know you're getting the real deal... and you pay for it...theres no such thing as cheap real cubans... Do you really need sources to believe that people in Cuba has a lower quality of life and fewer freedoms that people in Norway? Jesus said, "Let there be light," and once that happened, they mounted the pole one by one. The priest smoked a Cuban cigar and yelled, "AMEN!" Scuba Diving. Some DAWs have a bounce in place function as well, which is good to know about. I know in Cubase 8 and Logic 9+ you can do it  Thirding this for posterity. Vargas is definitely worth a visit if you like Cuban food and Alberto is hilarous. Just be warned you might get roped in to talking politics and he is VERY conservative haha Thanks, Cuba http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morro_Castle_(fortress), this one is in Cuba.  It is much bigger than the one in Puerto Rico.   The one in Cuba, that still exist and fire its canons, is the one on Assassins Creed IV Will do bud, actually thinking of going back in the Navy so I can travel again, hopefully hit up Cuba either on leave or be stationed close by. We'll see if I make it out there too! But old, white men are the base.  You can always find some oddly diverse candidate if you want to.  Getting a majority amongst some group besides white men and Cubans is a tougher proposition. They cost a shit ton tho, im sticking to randomincubaitons Was it two rabbits fused into one or one rabbit that split incompletely during incubation? Cuba ?  Missouri as well. We also have Cairo (kay-row), Nevada (nuh-vay-duh), and Lebanon (leb-uh-nen). Cuba, California, and Mexico are all pronounced like their larger counterparts, though. I got something like huras, sunika, raksa, sunika, sunika, sashara, sunika x5

I'm just trying to get another huras after I made the mistake of forgetting to incubate it when i stopped playing. We didn't surf, but did go to black comb for a full ski day, hit porteau cove for a scuba dive on the way home, and then went bouldering at the Hive for an hour of climbing. owwww. I read they will update the incubator to put the kubrow in stasis automatically if it is dying. too late for you though :(

 That may have been in regard to using US dollars to do business with non grata countries (e.g. Iran, North Korea, or Cuba until recently). Doing that can get your US assets frozen, I believe. I suspect they pronounce Cuba more like "cue-baa" than "coo-bah". Everyone's going to just say their own team here. 

And I am too. Winnipeg's prospect pool is deep, you need a scuba tank just to see the bottom.  My mom cried the first time she went to an American grocery store after she left Cuba. She held 3 different types of peanut butter in her hands and started to cry at how lucky she was.  They made it sound like it will be a quest or something to upgrade the incubator. Acht Cuba Acht Bier This was filmed very recently on the 2015 Rock around the Blockade brigade to Cuba


www.revolutionarycommunist.org
www.ratb.org.uk Cubanos might be fine with same sex love, Cuba is not  But they didnt. Concentration camps were used by the spanish in the 10-year war in Cuba from 1868–1878 to repress cuban rebels. 

How am i wrong? Miami is two things. Northern Cuba or South New York  The Cuban's have that beat. My legless stepfather scuba dives. Arms only swimming works.  Since you use cubase: fixing latency issues-  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JABZdLMl6ik  Great explanation on latency and buffer size. Now all you need is an interface.  Can you do so with Cubase? Looking to get Maschine Studio. I'm scared of the open ocean, but I like swimming in the ocean and scuba diving. As long as there is something beneath me, to the side of me, or above me I'm good. If I'm just swimming and there is nothing but water in any direction I freak out.  I'm going to the USA vs Cuba baseball game at Knights stadium. Gives you the best seat in the house for the fireworks in uptown. Nah, in 2 Point 2 Break Utah goes to Florida to surf the Cuban gangs.  Then there was Point Break Tokyo Surf where Bodhi makes a Cameo at the end after some new guy surfs against the Yakuza.  Scuba Steve style!!! Yeah I think keeping it dry is the best thing. I always found that just stuffing it all into a tiny bag when it was still wet and gross just incubated the smell.  Ever since I started scuba diving:
being all alone in the ocean, no land in sight.
Then suddenly a massive shoal of box jellyfish around me, Finding Nemo style. I really enjoyed that article. I don't know if I'll ever make it to Cuba, but the article was so interesting.  Drop it.

Throw it.

Hammer nails with it.

Use a clear view case with it.

Get it near sand (scratches).

Give it a bath, take it scuba diving, flush it down the toilet.

Leave it on a bus, car, taxi, train seat.

...I can go on if you wish. Starts off as an "I dont get it" comment. Gets taught why Scuba Divers do this.
 Danger is exaggerated. Hurricanes don't strike all that often. I myself am off to Cuba in just over two weeks. Euratechnologie, à Lille. Sinon, cherche les incubateurs dans les différentes grandes villes d'Europe. Baby incubators don't need no damn cancer screening, they need to have more babies and shut the hell up! /s Yep, good old Snowden. Nothing too new though, US and others have been funding and organising dissidents in other countries for ages, still do it in Cuba though doesn't seem too effective.  I've heard Cuba is nice, but i'm sure people will complain about human rights or some such.

But then everybody complains about everything.

I don't think abrasive politicians could ever decide on such a thing as a Capitol of the Planet. gonna sell it to Mark Cuban for millions?
 Actually,  Man do. And steal labels and leaf and take them home. As the black market is one of the only ways to survive I'm Cuba.  There's a lot wrong in Cuba. A lot more than people on here will admit. But don't get your info from this kinda stuff, its a case of "throw all the shit and see what sticks" DUDE YES. I love John Darnielle. My favorite: "My love is like a Cuban plane, flying from Havana up the Florida coast to the glades, Soviet-made."He's amazing. That's not dissimilar to Cuban too They do get really bad hurricanes. You'll probably be fine, but the potential is there and Cuba is due for a big one. 

Have fun. Oh you'll like it! It is one of the [prefered towns by visitors to Cuba] (http://www.responsibletravel.com/review/reviewlist.asp?id=3908) I know you said American food, but if you're in the Times Square area, check out Margon. Get the Cuban sandwich or daily lunch special. This should be about ~10 dollars and fillYou up for most of the day. 

It's Cuban food. Watch the video. He's scuba diving. Also Jif peanut butter exists, and is spelled with a J, so why the fuck would GIF also be pronounced that way, (which is the scuba, nato, jpeg argument). Maybe you have a scuba hobby and found some gear laying around. Damn, that Algerie look is the looks that's been out of the cage.         


And why is Khan wearing a mini scuba diving goggles. Scuba Diver's Thought: "Oh man, I sure hope a giant monster isn't behind me right now." Gordo's is alright, but there is a food truck on the corner of Gaines and Railroad (right next to the Sunoco gas station) with much better cuban food. I highly recommend it as a tallahasssee local even. His main DAW is Cubase if I remember correctly, something along the lines of "I use Cubase icm Studio one". I used it in my trip to La Habana in Cuba a year ago! Perfect for a place where internet is rare as Democracy in that place! I scuba dive that area. It's really cool - old locks, a powerhouse, old bridges, factory foundations with massive machinery and boilers still in them...

It's neat to give directions to newbies that start with: "swim out over highway 2..."  This is amazing seeing as how hard it is to find vegan food in Tampa and central FL. All I really wanted was a vegan Cuban. :( Cuba is predominatly a resource nation, it's economy was traditionally founded in tobacco, sugar, and coffee. That's pretty much the only thing the Castro regime inherited. Biscayne National Park. There are plenty of reefs around here and there, including some cool artifcial ones but that is more for SCUBA. But Biscayne National Park has snorkling trips. Its a *must* http://www.nps.gov/bisc/index.htm I was kind of thinking that since Castro's death will most likely coincide with the current thawing of U.S.-Cuba relations, it will mark a symbolic end of an era for Cuba. Also [Vasili Arkhipov](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasili_Arkhipov) during the Cuban Missile Crisis.   So you want to force Rachel to incubate your child and then terminate all rights to it?  I don't even need to touch the cheating issue to call you an asshole. last hurricane strike cuba: i can´t remember, but more than 4 years ago so u ll be fine He helped get Cuba and the US talking.

It's okay to acknowledge that he's not as bad as his predecessors, or that he does the occasional good deed, while still observing that he's still a bigot. Are we going to see any Cuban beer now? If only it were. Student politics is one of the main incubators of national politics, especially on the Left. Or, what passes for the Left these days.  Philosophers only smoke Cubans. Could really use Cuban Dong Crisis right now. Do you see the situation improving now that the US is opening up to Cuba, or do you think the government will allocate the new revenue elsewhere? I am fascinated by what will happen in the next three to five years as more American tourists travel there.  I hope this becomes a reality. Not to get too political but the Cuban embargo is utterly idiotic.

As an aside does anyone know why no other teams try to spear head exhibition games in Cuba like the O's do? rich white man marc cuban Cuba recognises this rightful claim and requests permission to send Cuban scientists, researchers, and students on Arctic expeditions through his territory. What these guys said on BP.

Lot of good food options at Target Field. Cuban sandwich at Tony O's is always good, Butcher and the Boar is out in RF, also a Red Cow stand is new this year. RIP DotA

Reddit pls change name to CubanoCSGO Sitten at the bar with a Cuban cigar. As controversial as it is to say, Castro in a way saved Cuba from the influence of the US. Just compare it to its backward, destitute neighbors. &gt; astro in a way saved Cuba from the influence of the US. 

Reddit is amazing. A brutal oppressing murdering homophobic racist dictator is their hero.

&gt;Just compare it to its backward, destitute neighbors.

It's right there with them. 'Actually if ypu look at the CIA.gov webpage you see hat meanwhile Cuba has a infatil mortality rate of 4.70 even better than Canada. Meanwhile US has a rate of 6.17 the same level as Poland or Serbia. Andi wnt say that CIA has fake facts Probably shouldn't go cheap on SCUBA gear.. just sayin'.  My kit cost about $2 grand when I bought it a decade or so ago. Forgive my lack of knowledge, but what is an incubator restaurant? Dr. Google was unhelpful in finding answers.

I'll give weddingtasker a look today. :)

Thank you :) What is the best method to carry while scuba diving?

 Is this supposed to be some kind of concession to the Orioles for taking away their ASG?  I can't imagine the Orioles are #1 on Cuba's list. I think that was Cuba's concession. They accidentally agreed to it. I think all pro sports have figures like this (e.g., Mark Cuban, Jerry Jones) that are sort of necessary for the narratives to work.  ~~Love that you mentioned Cuba but not France lol~~ You mention Jordan and Cuba but not Argentina. Gg. they're stunt doubles for cuba gooding jr.  I hope the little one gets my musical ability. And having my curls would be good, too. 

But really if it turned out that I'm just incubating a little copy of my SO, I'd be thrilled with that because he's pretty awesome :). Wake up feeling like Mark Cuban Just imagine what a developed Cuba would be like (and also factor into account their environmental and agricultural policies). They'd be wiping the floor with Sweden, for chrissakes. &gt; Cuba is basically Europe but poor and less democratic.

Reddit always delivers. Is it more Poland, Germany, Sweden or Italy? Got to scuba dive in Mexico once, the guy who took us knew where to find one this size. It has it's cave in the coral and is cool with people diving to it. But it had about a half dozen hooks stuck in it's lip. No line could pull it out of that reef.
  What else in the ocean has hands besides Scuba-kun? He can give a pleasure that no one else can~~! ASM scuba_paul disapproves of your not caring. Look up food incubator. (i.e. food incubator in DC)  I think that this is a good point. Cubans are not eating at fast food restaurants or shopping at supermarkets. Their diet contains few processed foods. Plus, they walk around a lot more than their couch-potato neighbors to the north.  Life expectancy in Cuba is almost exactly the same as life expectancy in the US. I wonder if private health care as anything to do with it?  cuba is sweden but with tanned big butt girls What do you mean by Carribbean spanisn? Dominican, Cuban, or Puertorican? They are quite different among themselves. 

edit- or do you mean Jamaicans or English speaking islanders? Every one of them it's sexy in it's own way. However Cuban &gt; Dominican &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Puertorican. Excited for this. Part of me hopes they nail the new concepts, part of me would have been happy with a reuben cubano or a slice of sausage/feta/tomato. &gt; I wonder if universal health care might have anything to do with it

Of course not. It's the evil Castro regime that forces poor Cubans to live and suffer eternally. &gt; The thing about Cuba is that no one truly LIVES there

Oh man, you are so full of your american exceptionalism bs.  My statement was about Cuba.. not america.  I know 

&gt;He's the hero Cuba deserves, He was necessary for Cuba to remain an independent sovereign state.

o to be clear you fully support brutal oppressing murdering homophobic racist dictators as long as they are anti-American. Noted. I always wondered this.  If the US had not tried time and time again to destroy Cuba after Castro took power, what would Cube be like? Such a community that emphasizes skepticism when it comes to religion but not to governments, especially governments like Cuba.  D'Vorahs incubate. Its not even a contest. It's completely unexpected on first sight--- slightly diminishing return.

Besides that, Kotal Kahns 'Dry Rub' is the most amazing combo ender you could ever hope for. Metal AF.

 according to Cuba

&gt;**Cuban officials** with the Center for the Study of Population and Development revealed Monday that life expectancy in Cuba, already one of the highest in the world, is now up to 78.45 years on average. I've been spending lots of time looking at images from Cuba and Venezuela lately, and these fast food worker images are rather pleasant by comparison. &gt; Which only exists in Cuba and Venezuela in Latin America.

Wow, you just went full retard. Never heard of the Sandinistas, Zapatistas, or Colombian People's Army? US terrorism will never subdue the people of latin america.  Cuba and Iran are the darlings of stoned Americans teenagers going through their leftist contrarian phase. agreed.  Mark Cuban is a great analogy. Have you been to Cuba? 

What's "living" to you? Freedom to go to shopping malls, drive in traffic and work in an office? If Cuba doesn't count as sea duty... My guess would be yes. Ah yes, sanctions, when were they ever effective again? Cuba maybe? Or Iran? You can bend political will but you dont fix any problems and in many cases they only make things worse  Good scuba diving in Jupiter  = )  [Culinary Incubator on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitchen_incubator) Seems like it's a shared commercial kitchen for small businesses getting started in food. I have no idea how that would work for a wedding. And I miss the old dubs where the Mammy was dubbed with a hilarious mexicuban accent, but you americans had to redub them to erase the racism and now we had the most generic voicework ever. Mileena's Impaler, D'Vorah's Incubate, and Blanche's Beatdown. I'm a big fan of the Cuban embargo.

...solely because it makes Cuba a more affordable destination for us Canadians.  Tons of Cuban immigrants in Miami, they fucking hate Cuba (hence them risking their lives to leave the place).  Scuba? Good health care, not a whole lot of stress, organic diet for the most part... Yeah, I can see how it works out for Cubans. If the US invaded Cuba in 62? Domnican Republic has basically the same genetics as Cuba and yet, they're living  6 years less. Rocks, a fun sized Cuban candy bar, and a Jamaican match box, all at work. &gt; How many of the dissidents who are in a position to lead Cuba are calling for an overthrow of the entire system? 

You think people who want to have democratic reforms should be jailed and killed. A new low even for reddit. I view him as a less effective version of Mark Cuban The links you are talking about are called "cuban chains." Also cheap jewelry is one of the most tacky things ever imo Do you have chickens? If not, incubate it and you will, assuming it's fertile. Exactly but the influx of tourists has not done anything to make Cuba more free.  Replace them with Venezuela or Cuba. I've been to Cuba, I walked away with the impression that the locals you see on resorts are coerced into seeming super happy in order to not lose their tourist-y job and associated tips. I'd be willing to bet this life expectancy doesn't count infant mortality. Cuba has been known to not count infant mortality rates accurately. What is a restaurant incubator? I took SCUBA diving and it was outstanding. Great class. There are still open seats for the fall as of right now. Scuba in melbourne? Whereabouts would be nice. Around the mornington/phillip island? Usmail....cuban guy, parents named him US MAIL Cuban food is the bomb. Just curious, which version of Cubase are you running? Or more specifically, which version of GrooveAgent? Yeah I mainly  plan on taking pics but I'd we go zip lining or scuba diving I'd like to do some videos. Cuban flag

Miami detected  Until science can come up with a way to incubate a fetus outside a woman's body, my view does not change. I have been wanting to go scuba diving in that area for years now. First I need to learn how to scuba dive though. Audacity wont cut it, you need a daw like FL studio, ableton or cubase. then get on youtube and find some tutorials Maaaaan the coolest thing I saw on my first and only SCUBA trip was a fish fart. It's a purely theoretical part of the point wrt to the US. Try doing the same if you are from Haiti. Which I guess is a much less livable country than Cuba by any metric. I feel ya, I grew up in south Florida surrounded by Cuban and Venezuelan ex-pats, the amount of "COMMUNISM IS LITERAL HITLER" and Ayn Rand worship was insane.  To fill at home? A scuba tank and a paintball adapter. I was worried about Florida, but then I remembered all we have are sun-dried Canadians, shuffling corpses and Cubans.  HPA compressors are expensive, in the multiple thousands of dollars. What you want is a SCUBA tank to siphon from, like Touchers said. You can get it filled at a scuba shop or at a paintball field. in the 1950s Cuba was a US fuck jar and it's very revealing that you'd frame it in terms of per-capita income and nebulous class abstractions Umm, I don't think it's fair to expect refugees to "fix" the country they're fleeing from.  What if South Korea didn't allow refugees from the North, or the United Stated from Cuba? Compared to what? Compared to Jamaica? Haiti? Guatemala? Mexico? El Salvador? Honduras? Cuba is so much better than all these places is not even in the same league. Picture 5 looks like a creature out of a horror movie but just goes to show the cigar can still be outstanding with sub-par construction. Nothing like some good, sweet Cuban tobacco. dont wear fake chains. especially if theyre cuban links. [NSFW](http://i.imgur.com/JxlXXao.jpg)

That is essentially Reddit when it comes to Cuba. I don't think Cuba have the infrastructure to host it. Yup for catering.  And some food incubators have dining rooms too!!  Don't count them out...  Its like a good idea if you're interested in saving some money.. Imagine If the US also had Cuba's unbelievable natural resources. Oh those are glasses?  I thought he was going scuba diving. \&gt;trusting cuban government statistics

\&gt;rukiddingme.jpg ...and of course. Anything going against the Cuban circlejerk is downvoted into oblivion. How dare you provide *facts* to interrupt our circlejerking?!? not NBA

Related: Why the f did Mark Cuban actually give this scrub a training camp contract a couple years later? Not only is he a terrible person, he's not that good at basketball. Yup, because all previous socialist governments have such amazing track records.

And pleeeease don't throw Cuba's example at me. The only reason Cuba is 'green' is because they don't get free Soviet oil any more. Ali learned his style from Cubans like El Feo Rodriguez. He didn't actually have a lot in common with SRR stylistically. I'm flying from Dublin to Canada, Canada to Cuba on the 13th. Soz. Would probably have dandered down out of curiosity otherwise. I probably got them mixed up. Does Rolls Royce own a plant in Mississippi? I went scuba diving with a Mechanical Engineer that was in charge of operations at that plant.  My dad is Cuban, and even I have trouble with Cuban Spanish sometimes One of those glass shattering kebabs. Or scuba gear. Whichever is more convenient for the bag.  No it's not.

EDIT: Yet I'm positively sure most people in this sub are by any conceivable metric stupider than me, and also that they are ridiculous amounts of less versed and knowledgeable in Cuban politics, and a lot more biased. You know, this has happened before, [in 1999.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_Baltimore_Orioles_%E2%80%93_Cuban_national_baseball_team_exhibition_series) It depends how much you want to/can spend. A shop compressor in tandem with a Shoebox compressor will run you just under $1000, but will be on the slower side.

A cost friendly alternative is just to have a scuba tank. And continue to work in Cuba! If David Gallant is the bar, we're guaranteed to be over it as long as we don't go scuba diving. Don't feel bad, I'm a 30 year old Cuban and I cry at shit like this all the time.  He is Mark Cuban.  By the simple fact I googled "is russ hanne" and it autocompleted to Mark Cuban.  I first suspected and then google read my mind so ya.

"datageddon". Cubanpete24, 34 warlock with max hunger of crota  http://www.export.gov has a lot of info, but I don't know what all they have on Cuba at the moment. Unlike that hellhole Puerto Rico. Or the pits of despair we cynically call the US Virgin Islands.

Cuba is not a nice place to be.  That's why people risk life and limb to leave it. 
 I think you may need more than scuba gear to get that far down Tubataha reef if you're doing a liveaboard.

Also crosspost this in /r/scuba if you haven't already. At first I was just going to the scuba place to fill my HPA tank, but realized he charges the same as a refilling a SCUBA tank. Bought a SCUBA tank.  There was an update: https://www.reddit.com/r/Wellington/comments/2t8igb/update_haaalp_lost_gopro/

A kind redditor tried to find it for the original OP using SCUBA gear I think maybe because they've played in Cuba before.  Remember when Ozzie Guillen said he respected Fidel? Remember that shitstorm? That's why Miami going to Cuba would be absolutely unworkable politically.  hell yes cubase FTW and what a badass cubase setup it is. THis is great. Thanks so much. third world people have to make things work on the cheap.
you want a resourceful mechanic go to mexico--or even better to cuba--where 1950's cars still run. Is that how you spell it?  I always thought it was a recipe for a cuban.  "One ton of mayo ..." What really happened in Cuba  Without a doubt Thunderball -- just for the underwater scuba diver charge. Small correction, but Cuba is not third world.

First World = NATO and allies.
Second World = Soviets and allies.
Third World = Everybody else. So what DID really happen in Cuba?
 Every time I see a comment about how long Cuba's life expectancy is, I see someone replying with this misinformation. It's almost like someone has a talking point (lie) ready to go. Cuba, Versace, Hugo Boss He's Mark Cuban without the actual knowledge if sports.  No I clearly didnt. But I bet I could make that some kind of tech incubator. I could really be the bane of this sub Is it badlinguistics to say that Cuban is among the more nonstandard dialects of Spanish? Also, which others are far from either the Iberian or Latin American standard? There are no refugees from Cuba.  There isn't any war or social unrest in Cuba and there's no natural disaster there serious enough for people to have to leave the country. I'm picturing it as being like Cuba where people make mopeds out of bicycles and angle grinders. That was very interesting! Thank you very much.

If you don't mind a follow-up question, why was Cuba heavily involved in the independence negotiations? Congratulations comrade, your defense of the Cuban revolution has earned you an extra labor voucher for the month of June! Except for Panama, the Phillipines, Cuba,  Japan......  Sort of a double edged sword for you guys really, everyone whines about your involvement till the next shitty thing happens and then it's all "where's America".  Don't let the facts get in the way of opinions! It doesn't matter if Cuba has the lowest murder rate in all of Latin America, or that it's a partner with the US in combating the drug trade while all other Latin American countries are awash with drugs. Give it to me when I was 7 years old in Cuba and you wouldn't find a grain of rice in that plate. Ummm...yeah, because the *Washing Post*, a Western news site, would NEVER lie or make up information about Cuba. No worries. Once the US food and drug oligopolies take over the Cuban markets, they'll get those death rates up in no time. Ever since the embargo end has been announced, its almost like americans just discovered cuba exists... It's ok. I thought those guys looked as if John Stamos and Mark Cuban made a baby (similar features to both). It's funny to me, so I thought I'd share.  When in doubt, go full Cuba. Cuba doesn't exploit third world countries for their resources, so they can't get to where Sweden is. Actually, according to Amnesty International there have been less than 300 executions in Cuba from 1960 to 1990. because cuban links are a flexing piece. u tryna flex w fake gold  Gonna need some scuba gear for that dive I'd go scuba diving. Scu-scuba kun.... Nice try Fidel. 

Cuban elite get good healthcare.. also, medical tourism folks.. the average poor get little or none..  I hope not because I'm sure Cuban realizes how well Carlisle makes chicken salad out of chicken shit every year. Make him coach for life I say.  No way. They would get destroyed. Cuba would have the best chance, but still no way they could hang with MLB. Wow I never knew you could display MIDI data from different tracks in one window in Cubase. I might have to switch from Ableton just for that feature alone. Move to brisbane and we can get our scuba diving ticket together take up spearfishing. I really wanna do my diving course but my missus had a panic attack once and is terrified of it now. I've done like 6-7 dives and it's so damn cool every time. Agreed. *Papi* can usually be considered a slight term of endearment with no amorous connotations. Especially if he is of a Caribbean culture like Cuban, Dominican, or Puerto Rican. I use it plenty myself with those I have a certain comfort level with. I think a game ticket would cost you less than $1 USD in Cuba, but you might not have all the wonderful concessions that you have here. I was thinking "what if the Dodgers would do this and bring all the Cuban players over?" Then I remembered that law that athletes and doctors who defected can't go back to the country after residing in a foreign country for eight years or more.    Cuban picks Rondo over Carlisle.  The data in this article is also complete bullshit produced by the Cuban government.  I love how Cuba went from missing a finger to a whole hand! 

Can we expect his arm to get blown off in the season finale?

EDIT: Ok, so his otherhand got blown off. Close enough. How about Argentina or Uruguay?

The same countries Cuba was on par with in the 1950s But, many fantastic cigars come from the dominican republic. A lot are from cuban seed, with cuban growers and rollers.  I went to Cuba last year and every traffic light I saw on the way to the hotel in Varadero had a timer for every color. I don't know why it stood out to me so much. It's kind of like Cubans and Miami. I love scuba videos because you know if this was something like a tiger eating a lion the guy video taping would have something asinine to say throughout the whole thing.  Cuban you Maverick! 8 is my new favorite time of the day. I'm currently incubating number 2 so I'm down to a single glass of icky wine. Womp. Enjoy that margarita!  Oh, you mean countries that are ALLIES with Cuba? Anyways, Cuba probably would be better than Argentina but not Uruguay. Huhu buti ka pa nakahanap ng apartment sa Cubao. Still finding a place for me in Cubao. :( I think this is one of the top posts in /r/scuba too isn't it? It's one of my favorites. The closest I've seen an octopus was by flashing a light under an overturned boat.  Are you in the US? Do you know if it is legal to bring them in like this? I know that Americans who go to Cuba can get them and bring them back (below $100), but this doesn't involve being an authorized traveler to Cuba. So if you were at the top of Mt everest, going down wouldn't be a problem?  I've been scuba diving and you can see pretty far.  That mean seeing down as well. Unless you're in Cuba with a valid visa, it is not. Cuba used to be a superpower of the region until the US fucked it. Cave diving (scuba + spelunking).

With proper training and experience, it's amazing and safe. Well what's the point of this? There are many professional certifying boards of things that do this for a job. If the lady is a fraud she'll be a fraud. What does this guy not want his dad to do? Learn scuba diver exercises from the wrong person? LOLOLOLOL you don't know your Cuban history do you... Yes, worldwide. Baseball is hugely popular in Mexico, Japan, the Dominican Republic, South Korea, and Cuba. "How would America act"? See 'Cuban Missile Crisis'. We could put nukes of the USSR's doorstep, but the instant they put them on ours the shit hit the fan. That's my girlfriends name! She is Cuban and pronounces it different when she speaks Spanish, more like E-C,but all the people here in the states pronounce it Isis. It makes her a little uncomfortable but I have always liked it  Heh, I'm afraid of heights too, yet I am a pilot.  And like you, I love depths, which is why I'm also a scuba diver.  

I guess both of these things also qualify for title of this post.

 Seeing these prices makes me want to be a 66'ers season ticket holder, see our Single-A team in action. Sean Newcomb does look promising. Our Cuban prospect got hurt real quick... It's great in Miami, but very disappointing in actual Cuba. What's a "Claro" you ask? Check out the section about wrapper shade on [this page](http://www.vipcubancigars.com/blog/colors-cuban-cigars/).  If you do want to do it on the cheap, the scuba club sells old wetsuits.  Borrowing one is no worse than a used one, except used ones are properly cleaned between uses. Unless they're incubating Do you SCUBA? If you like depth, you really, really should learn to dive. It's not that expensive, and it's magical. Like being in your submarine, except you *are* the submarine! 11/10, I recommend it soooo hard.  Thank you! Also was wondering if anyone knew where to pick up some of those cuban cigars. I think theyre called cohibas? Really looking to try one of those out asap! We'd let Mexico and Canada play in it. Cuba maybe. You scuba dive in third world countries with bodyguards and are against trickle-down economics? 

Your points make sense. Your lifestyle is hypocritical. 
 [We cannot discuss that topic on the sub.](http://www.reddit.com/r/cigars/comments/vhmkp/us_citizens_and_cuban_cigars/)  Already have a tripped planned to Cuba. I'm determined to get there and experience it before it changes too much. Shit didn't actually hit the fan during the Cuban Missile Crisis, though. It was resolved politically. You can call it "shit hitting the fan" when the U.S. And Russia actually make good on their threats of mutually assured destruction.  It is a mixed communist country. Just like the US is a mixed capitalist country. There are no 100% anything countries. But China, North Korea, Cuba, and Venezuela are by far the most communist regimes on Earth.   &gt; Like Cuba in the fifties?

[Off by two years](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bay_of_Pigs_Invasion) I missed the part in the Cuban Missile Crisis where we "liberated" Cuba with tanks and then held a "popular referendum" that just happened to show 99% of Cubans in favor of the American liberation. These figures are provided by the Cuban government, right?

 &gt; Castro in a way saved Cuba from the influence of the US. 

What utter crap.  Castro kept Cuba in an appalling state of poverty ever since he replaced the previous dictator. Soon we're gonna see people desperately escaping Florida in shanty rafts to go to Cuban freedom. Time to get some scuba gear. Cliff diving, skydiving, cheer flying, scuba diving etc. I'm in it for the thrills.  You don't think any Cuban could've possibly been glad about Castro?  It would be funny if the Mavs management did something like that without letting Cuban know about it.  I think Cubes would go ballistic. Este gusano esta tan transparente en su odio de la revolucion Cubano jajaja  idk if it was psychological or physical, but when I went scuba diving over the winter I felt a huge pressure a couple metres into the water, and the claustrophobic feeling was intense. Probably a bit of both. Hard to find a Marxist now days except perhaps in Cuba or up in the Peruvian Andes.  Even China is just lip service now. I didn't know they had internet in communist Cuba. This is what Mark Cuban looks like when he gets high. SCUBA: Self Contained Undercover Boning Apparatus Cuba has a lot of impressive achievements, all the more impressive given its size and the fact that the US has actively sought to destroy the government there for over 40 years. I love how american rule in cuba resulted in communism though.  I didn't because I'd just be called an incubator or some shit for disagreeing. XD  Highly chlorinated tap water in Havana, Cuba. It left my heart pounding heavily trying to detox my bod   Scuba dive! It's certainly not about embargo. Even the USA sells huge volumes of food to Cuba, let alone countries not involved in the embargo. Or you can just resample it 50% on Cubase and get the exact same thing.  [lolololololol](https://soundcloud.com/hmlf/410a) id do both. LOVE heights, love scuba diving. deepest ive ever been is about 110 ft... was um... not supposed to... but... well... hawaii Go back to Cuba, yah' filthy Commie. Pick up a wolf spider with babies on it's back.  (did so yesterday)

SCUBA dive on a shark infested reef. They just want the US out of their 'backyard' so to speak. Like the US with the Soviets and Cuba. Saying that China are being a bully boy in the South China Sea cause no one is big enough to challage them, except the US. I dunno, I do like the idea of improving team chemistry as Cuban seems to value it (although he dismantles the roster a lot) but I feel like Lin's defense is gonna kill us Simple answer is they don't.   For example good quality Cuban rum is very smooth.  7yr Havana club is a good starting point. [Check the top sticky post](http://www.reddit.com/r/cubancigars/comments/2sms8g/information_regarding_the_recent_cuban_embargo/) are you talking about one eye Willy? I only let him see the light when it's time to scuba dive. About as true as 9/11 being an inside job, and Jimmy Hendrix still being alive in Cuba &gt; I'm scared of like, the technical aspects of scuba, like running out of air or the bends

And you are right to be! That's what training is for though. So that first you do NOT go into such situation and second that if you do, you know how to react. Amnesty International is not an official outlet of the Cuban government. So that statement doesn't hold up. On the contrary, AI is often pro-Western, especially in its coverage of Israel. Thirteen Days.  I remember going into it thinking it was gonna be a action/war movie; not one bullet was fired.  i was 12 at the time so i didn't quite grasp the Cuban Missile Crisis. To be fair, some people feel claustrophobic even putting on scuba gear. It's a very discomforting feeling and I know what it's like to run low on air underwater.

Source: scuba diver Go to war.

Jump out of a plane.

Scuba dive.

Butt stuff... As a Cubase user I always copy the sample to the project directory.  


Learnt that one the hard way!  Did you know they independently stole incubators from hospitals in Iraq and left the babies to die on the cold floor? All of that was done independently, why cant this be as well? Cubans use a different kind of mint. The flavor is in the stems, not the leaves, and it's not bitter. I'm just watching the two camps here fighting, bag of chips in one hand, scroll button in the other. But I'm not sure what you mean, that the CIA is making propaganda for Cuba??? I mean, it *is* on their webpage. That's where my wife and I got our open water scuba certifications! Going back this summer to do some kayak diving.  No no no. Stop saying that. There's a reason why people from Florida get on makeshift raft and risk their lives trying to reach Cuba, right? Man, that was [Will Smith](http://i2.blogs.indiewire.com/images/blogs/shadowandact/archives/cuba_gooding_jr_00014.jpg), the fuck you on Not as familiar with that one beyond knowing it's about mushing and Cuba Gooding Jr is in it.  Khrushchev tried to put them on the island secretly. Maybe he should've signed a treaty with Cuba and announced his plans instead of trying to slip them in. Cubao city nalang Sorry, I misread your post. I thought you were claiming that the Cuban government had death squads which is of course false.

I still don't understand what you mean by "Castro's death squads" though. wear a unisex scuba outfit I wish I could recall... I'll try to find out, but Rodriguez was also managed by Dundee and Ali trained in the same gym. Ali's style, if you look at it, is very much a Cuban style, if somewhat personalized.  he means that even the CIA has positive things to say about Cuba's infant mortality rate. My mother in law who came here from Cuba in the 2000's said they left her bleeding out in the hospital after the c section of my husband.  I'm from Cuba, I have one of those scars. A lot of people ask what it is and I never really know how to reply. My parents only told me its from a vaccine, I don't know much else about it. I got the vaccine when I was a baby though.  Why is Cubao a city now? LOL Looking in the credits of the movie for the band members I found this https://m.facebook.com/DayrenMadeInCuba looks like the bands name is "made in Cuba" 

Alberto Salas, Alfredo Ortiz, Daniel Palacio, Mauricio Del Monte...Band Members Ease of first strike? SAM / missile defense systems by your border? Nuclear weapons by your border? Why did the US flip out over Cuba? Idk actually a lot of Cubao natives are now sporting "Cubao City" shirts, nakikiuso lang ako I'm the opposite. Will fly light aircraft but have no interest in scuba diving - it's scary how easily you can fuck yourself up by doing things wrong. Scuba dive with sharks, without a cage  Well, that depends; where do you live?  If you're not in the US or a US citizen, you CAN get Cuban cigars, but you'll have to ask someone who lives in your country. The incubation period for rabies is unfortunately rather sporadic. It can take several days to several weeks for an animal to start showing classic symptoms.  Would they change the name to Slightly complicated 50% Mark Cuban's?

Are restaurant expansions normally on Shark tank? Whoa, Miami has a datacentre? I didn't think Miami had anything British, it's all Cuban down here! I put this up there with a potential escalation of the Cuban missile crisis in terms of 'Things I'm glad never happened'. That was 50 years ago. Today we have the Trident II that can wipe out hundreds of millions of people from a couple of submarines. We don't need a silo in Ukraine, Russia doesn't need a silo in Cuba.  Cuban needs to tweet the challenger explosion. Yeah, Cuba probably isn't awash in high fructose corn syrup like much of the US.  And they walk a lot. I'm not afraid of sharks and have scuba dived with no cage with hammer heads,  Bulls and white sharks. Practically the most "dangerous" creatures of the sea (after orcas of course)  Just say you only think of women as incubators whose desires and health don't matter. scuba diving, ocean acidification mayn. Wh, its not that hard

Source: am scuba diver If I can't scuba then what's this all about?! Don't worry Cuba, with the trade embargo now gone, we'll bring the high fructose corn syrup. And why are Cubans building rafts and nearly dying trying to get to Miami? and we all know ww5 was between the Illuminati and Cuba Thats true, stopping ww4 would mean the Cubans win. The anecdotal evidence flies in the face of WHO data
Who should I trust? A bitter Cuban, or the World Health Organization? I think the answer is clear What is the scuba looking knife on the far right?  I had a knife like that growing up and I've recently been trying to track one down again. Seriously or the piece of shit Cuban Marco Rubio, we couldn't get a actual Latino in this. I love how this thread is filled with NON CUBAN 'experts' yet conveniently and not surprisingly, no actual Cubans around to sing Castro's praises... Romantizising the suffering of others... Nice reddit Scuba Diving porn. Plans to re purpose one of the world cup stadiums I bet. They will actually have people feeding the sharks in scuba gear.  They will be fed by hand... and foot and leg and head... hey importing fresh fish is expensive.  Cuba was never as bad as those countries were even pre-Castro.  Or scuba divers

Checkmate superheroes If he's comparing Cuba to North Korea then it's already a lost cause. Cuba isn't communist at all. But there's racism everywhere.  Cuba disagrees. [Cuba demands return of Guantanamo Bay, compensation by U.S. before relations can resume](http://news.nationalpost.com/news/world/cuba-demands-return-of-guantanamo-bay-compensation-by-u-s-before-relations-can-resume) Scuba dive with a bunch of sharks. I've done it once already in the Bahama's.  Just because it doesn't work in Cuba doesn't mean it can't work anywhere \&gt;Cuban

\&gt;not an 'actual Latino'

kek I actually had a really fun time SCUBA diving at night, but luckily I got see the bottom with my flashlight.  This is just as nope as it gets pretty much. Cuba is fairly communist. Heck it might be the closest thing to a functional communist system right now.  Cuban Canadian I feel like that's a case of Cubans not knowing how good they have it. Having been to both countries, the Cubans are definitely happier people. Bottle retails for $100. Looking for the following cigars.

Warped Sky Flower
Liga line
Caldwell
Cubans
La Aurora Preferidos Cameroon 
Tat TAA
Dragon Milk  Go scuba diving  I'm no communist supporter, but some of that has to do with the embargo on Cuba, and how life is better with fellow cubans in Miami. 

In other words, that may be because of OP's original point. American firefighter is a terrible comparison to Cuban taxi driver.  That's a highly competitive position in many areas, not to mention the required bravery and strong body.   Uh no it is not. Cuba is not communist at all, it's not even close.  haha nice! Did you touch a Cuban Brother's ball? Cubase if you're doing significant MIDI work or Protools for recording. They're both cross-platform as well, which means you take your skills with you if you move back to a Mac.

Sonar is less expensive and PC-only. I loved this series. Ben Stiller, Keith David, Michael Madsen, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Rico! Monkey Largo Mutha Fuckers! Most Cubans do not live as unhealthily as Americans. It is partly in culture, partly in wealth, but US citizens on average eat more unhealthily etc. me fool sold my old account.
judge kyle, scuba gragas, Shamrock Malphite, Blacksmith Poppy,
Spectacular Sivir, Spectacular Sivir, Pharaoh Amumu, badger teemo
..all the god sale haul :(

account not touched in last 2 yrs =/ first rule of scuba diving dont molest the wildlife Pro torture unless they were tortured in Vietnam.
Anti-Immigration unless they're Cuban.
 I learned the term "Shark Tank gold diggers" from Mark Cuban.  Perhaps we need to coin the phrase "primary gold diggers" to differentiate them from actual candidates? Can't the cubans just plead the third amendment? Wow! This happened in Florida? I LITERALLY can't believe it. Can't we give Florida to Cuba? Juan of the Dead. (Cuban, hilarious). 

Martyrs ( best gore horror ever- free on youtube. Not just a shock feast)

Draughtsman's Contract. 

Dogsville.  I see your point and appreciate the response as opposed to a downvote and nothing else. What's the incubation period for anthrax though? I would like to imagine a test could prove positive or negative fairly quick. It's a bullshit from bourgeois latino's e.g.: cubans in florida. Paging Mark Cuban... With all the shit the nation gets, Cuba's medical system is amazingly effective.  &gt;  Just don't get sick, because hospitals have nothing not even needles

So Cubans live a long time because they never get sick because their hospitals suck? That's... Logical.  All lies! With positive pressure I don't feel sealing is an issue. I'm in a plane not scuba diving. 

It's also a benefit of flying for one family.  No way! That turned out bogus? Who'd have ever guessed? I'm sure that Cuba's life expectancy numbers though...there's no way those aren't bogus. It is a bit unsettling to see the women agreeing with him on his post. They believe they're put on this Earth to serve as baby incubators and housekeepers. Nothing more. Great milk vid as usual but he got one thing wrong. Flash-R on lee is more often referred to as a ScubaChris than Insec. Insec is usually for the wardhop specifically He was also Castro's right-hand man, and he played a fundamental role in the Cuban Communist revolution. It's just PADI, not all scuba induction bodies, but this girl is PADI's youngest qualified instructor aged 12.

http://www.chesterchronicle.co.uk/news/local-news/worlds-youngest-master-diver-swim-6723089 Mr. Bachman is a pretty great person. We brought him to campus 3 summers ago and he said he was to committed to the incubator to come back. #aviato

https://www.facebook.com/events/389731174396442/ I get free Cuban food from one of the best Cuban restaurants in my area; my boyfriend is a cook there. we did get into an incubator... "Oh no! The Cubans are invading! Run!" You know Ted Cruz is half-Cuban (where his latino background comes from)? Time to move to Cuba?  Once you find a setup you enjoy, that curve will level out.  It's a hobby, and compared with things like photography or scuba diving, it's pretty cheap.
 Obviously people opposed the government, but don't make it sound all peachy. Castro didn't save Cuba. The country was thriving before him. It was a Caribbean jewel.  noo, but if you put yourelves in the cubans shoes circa 1959 it is.  and yet hes a hero in cuba and the people ove and respect him because its because of him they are free. lol Cuban paid Parsons 15M and was ready to suck Dwight's dick to get him to the Mavs and you're talking down to us? Have fun watching Dirk's flopping ass get dunked on for the next 2 years. I have been in love with the Cuban style of Salsa and the best compliment for me is when people ask me if I'm Cuban. It feels really good because in the ethnicity i belong to don't have any kind of couple dancing or anything close I dunno dude. Hunapuh and Cubano Espresso are probably my favorites from CCB. If we're only doing stuff that is regularly released I might agree with you.  Pfft, you would *obviously* have a scuba setup for your listening room. Many Latinos in the U.S. don't consider Cubans to be on equal footing with them. I suppose it's due to their immigration status. So the interests of Cuban-American politicians do not necessarily correlate with those of most Latinos. It's basically a menu for all of the super wealthy campaign donors.  They want Sheldon Adelson's billions and maybe he's not in the mood for Cuban, so you present him with a range of candidates for sale. He and Castro trained militia in Cuba to execute and disappear hundreds, if not thousands, of Cubans who opposed them in the slightest way. They did not like homosexuals either: my father's brother was killed in Cuba when he was 15 for that reason. Why I love science: I get to be wrong and be excited about it.

Why I hate science: I'm going to need scuba gear for the wikipedia rabbit hole you've just sent me down. Virgin Cuba Libre.. preferably diet :D I have never wanted to scuba dive in my life until you just described it like that Yes, with serious conciquinces for breaking that rule. Maybe a vacation to Cuba This is actually really weird but on my resume under Characteristics/Skills I always put SCUBA Dive Master, idk why but it was a very cowtly and difficult certificwtion to get so I jist feel like it's needed "I would much rather see a Cuban doctor"

End of discussion, indeed...lol.... How do you think the apparent normalization of relations with Cuba will effect their credibility? Mark Cuban?  "Learnin' about Cuba, and havin' some food!" Rubio was fiercely against warming relations with Cuba and that blew up in his face. No, he's a hero in Cuba because if you say anything bad about him you get shot. Just like how Kim Il-Sung is a hero in North Korea, or how Vladimir Lenin was a hero in the USSR, or how Mao is a hero in China. That movie has me determined to eat a Cubano sandwich. Being in North Dakota means that places that serve them are few and far between.  Its really not fair to legitimize the North Korean regime by comparing it to Cuba.  Let's see how far we can push the boundaries of the baby incubator.  I mean, how low can her heart rate go, or how much can her cancer spread before she's REALLLLY going to die. &lt;/sarcasm&gt;

These people are evil shitbags.  That doesn't make any goddamn sense. Are you saying that there's something magical about Cuba that makes mass murder OK there? As the head of the Umkhonto we Sizwe(MK) terrorist group Nelson Mandela singed off and coordinated terrorist attacks that killed over 14,000 black South-Africans. He also allied with and financially supported Cuba, North Korea and Iran.  Dude i am in North Dakota. And loved that movie and I will trying a cubano in vegas this weekend Not sure if serious. Cuba is beautiful and a popular vacation destination. I made myself the most ghetto Cuban sandwich after watching that movie. &gt;what ranking Canada placed in

Canada has never placed above 3rd. For like the last 50 years it goes
1. US
2. Cuba
3. Canada

With Canada sometimes dropping to 4th or 5th. US has only dropped to 2nd place once.  its a jamaicans version of cuban bread. its a lot thicker and is somewhat like a huge semi hard dumpling *incubatees Especially when the US and Cuba have received 1st and 2nd place for the last 50 years. Hard to be excited when you can statistically predict the outcome. This guy is an assistant electrical engineer with the Cuban National Power and Water Collective. This shit is getting waaaay out of hand. Yea and maybe the new rookies would've came with medkits so scuba and cell would've been just fine kappa cigar.com does not sell Cuban cigars, they do sell Montecristo, but not Cuban Rubio is an awful candidate. The only thing I know about him is that he is from Florida (bad sign), Cuban-American, and is against immigration. Also, he gets thirsty early in speeches. I got $5 he/she will say Cuba.... True. Innocent homosexuals have been publicly hanged in Cuba under Castro's rule, and still are. And Guevara played a large role in getting Castro into power. &gt; he old "we were Kings in Cuba, the left is evil"

Can you explain this? I'm Latino but I've never understood older Cubans tendency to side right. This is true for Central America, although the islands (PR and Cuba) and Mexico LOVE baseball. Along with the DR.  Yeah, you'd think there would be a "in trouble" hand signal, like in SCUBA diving. I called him a sorcerer since one of the sources i read said he used Chaos powers alongside his biological knowledge to make the chaos marine incubators. That's unfortunate. I really wanted to try a Cuban, but their payment options confuse me. Whelp, I'm leaving for Cuba in 2 days...at least I'll be prepared now! If I can't SCUBA, what's this all been about? What am I working towards? Oh yeah...cause they have done so well in their own country...that's just what we need here is a hotbed incubator right in our own backyard. &gt; I'd hardly call our intervention in Cuba an outlier.

There's a world of difference between an "outlier" (your term) and "egregious example" (the term I used). 

 There is a scuba diving school up the road from me...I live near Nashville TN. Ahaha  Cuban guy talking about poverty Check out the Cuban food. Alright, I will. I've seen Cuba from Key West last year! Does the mission about the New Great Link still have you slaughter several incubators full of Jem'Hadar eggs? I always found genocide to be the best way to defeat ones enemies. USA checking in...our roads are not paved out of gold. Cuba, I'm talking to you. Can you hear me? Some Cuban in the comments said it was bullshit too. I think you have every reason to be skeptical. These are guys that are pretty much unproven at the major league level. And what records/video we have from their time in Cuba isn't all that telling. I hope they work out for us! i really wish they woulda let mark cuban in the club.  Everyone should think that brutal repression of thought, speech and media is evil. That is what Castro regime and the Soviet model that was the template excelled at. To pretend Cuba was anything near a free country is laughable. FDR denied the entry of 915 Jews who were trying to escape Europe in 1939. The MS St. Louis was denied entry to the US, Canada, and Cuba. Most of the passengers ending up dying. I think Toronto (and the GTA) still has the largest percentage of foreign-born residents of any world class city, hovering around 50%... maybe Miami is around the same, but they're largely Cuban and don't have the same level of diversity. Cuba wasn't freed from tyranny, it went from bad to worse. While Russia may be paranoid, just look at what the U.S. did to Cuba. Their concern isn't misguided.  I could use a better metronome, with a variable length pre-click that could restart with the loop. Even Cubase does not have that, it's useful for rehearsing a song or practicing. Every other year, we fly Cayman Airlines to Grand Cayman for a week-ish, and stay at Sunshine Suites. Runs about $2,000 for two of us, but that includes scuba diving. There's plenty of beach lazing around and other activities, though.  I've been scuba diving where sharks are present. As long as they're not bulls or great whites, I'd do that again. &gt;cuba wasnt freed from tyranny

you are an idiot. there wasnt genocide being commitdd by cubans!?!?!? That was the same motivation Cuba had behind hosting Nuclear weapons (hence why a guarantee from the US to respect Cuban sovereignty was part of the resolution).  Didn't prevent the Cuban Missile Crisis I don't understand what he's doing "slaving" ProTools to Cubase? How is cubase different than protools anyway? exactly what I thought after I recovered, like well if you give a monkey a gun something like that is bound to happen

I still can't get over Cuba driving off in a boat with no thumbs I think Favreau was like "man, I want a cuban sandwich but don't want to pay for it. Maybe I can get a movie studio to pay for it." If you think that's true then you don't know anything about Cuba. Cuba is absolutely beautiful.  I thought HIV tests weren't relevant until after the incubation period, which is something like 6 months.
 Same goes for all those damn commies who sing the Castros' praises, yet at the same time, don't want to move to Cuba. Typical fearmongering political bullcrap. Imagine the daily reminders like this: USA is able to occupy (Insert here Mexico, Cuba, Panama, Canada, Haiti etc.) in two days. Now rinse and repeat on every channel There's a scuba diving shop near where i live.

I live in chicago suburbs. They generally lay one egg a day and begin incubation close to or when the last egg is laid so that all hatch within 1-2 days of each other. I hope you mean Fulgencio Batista and the Republic of Cuba.

AKA Puppet State of the USA. NPB (the best Japanese league) is considered roughly equivalent to AAA. The Cuban National Series is probably closer to AA. Most other leagues are low A equivalents at the very best. Something I do consider greatly. The US just also lifted an embargo on Cuba as well so thats on my list. Countries that have very little western influence are the ones that spark my interest the most. And those same Cuban bourgeois scum are the ones who always vote Republican. The joint chiefs of staff wanted to use fake terrorist attacks to justify a war with Cuba, but surely they wouldn't... lie. Would they? Thank you! 
That can take time! It's really about finding out how you do that. And my suggestions is to read about it on forums or use youtube.
I would suggest working with Logic, Cubase or Ableton!
 Are you for scuba?  As a south american, even if you are not a communist, it's easier to sympathize with Cuba. His mixtape was great, it had songs like:

Bay of the Police

Flight over Cuba 

And my favorite: getting head in Dallas No I don't breed them, I bought a dozen eggs off ebay to put in an incubator. Quail are not brilliant at hatching their own eggs. The United States planned to attack itself and make it look like the Cubans attacked us as an excuse to go to war in a "false flag" campaign.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Northwoods I've never actually guarded a gate. I manned the MOP's in cuba but that was more of a fence line separated by a minefield. 

Hope you're having a nice day though. And furthermore, most of the *newer* immigrants from Cuba have either been political opponents of the Castro regime, or were impoverished and thus had little reason to like the Castro regime's way of running things anyways. A good few Cuban political refugees claimed asylum by hoping off their aeroflot flight during refuel.  Cuba 2022 confirmed. That wouldn't work because of how HIV incubates, and it isn't pragmatic, particularly considering it would need to be done worldwide. Scubadiving Actually most Cubans down in Miami are anti-immigration. 

Source: Living it. So, when are they going to move other languages into the incubator? Seems like they have 3 spots to be filled now that Esperanto, Norwegian, and Ukrainian are out. Worked out well for Afghanistan, Cuba and so on. Missão cumprida, o cubano já bateu em retirada e apagou as respostas.

Mas que diabo, de onde vieram os brasileiros? Foi alguma coisa de dissemos de errado?
 *Older* Cubans are much more conservative. Overall, they fall in line with the general trend Dwayne "pussyassbitch" Wade is on your team you fedoric fuck. Your franchise is a fucking joke, go grab a cuban sandwich and fuck some grannies while your team plays in the 4th quarter of the finals you fucking cunt. Get at me. [Decentral Vancouver](http://decentralvancouver.com) is a "Collaborative Community Incubator" inspired by the ideas behind Bitcoin. Except it isn't false.

http://www.biography.com/people/che-guevara-9322774

http://www.therealcuba.com/MurderedbyChe.htm I got the name wrong of course that discredits my entire argument. They call it c.u.c. in spanish the native language of the island. Here is a better reference http://www.letraslibres.com/revista/convivio/treinta-dias-viviendo-como-un-cubano?page=full The Lost City
Andy Garcia and Bill Murray together make a great combo. It's the best movie out there about the Cuban Revolution.  Just send a organic/DNA printer, incubator, a habitat and some robot caretakers.   PS4

ID: CubanCrabCatcher That's a great explanation, thank you. But the cells are submerged in media, is there enough oxygen diffused in the media to supply the cells? Also, I've read about culturing in a hypoxic environment. Would this be done by using a low oxygen incubator? Hey, I hatch chickens in an incubator, are you rotating them every day? That usually fixes any leg deformities. ah yes, had that once with my friend Mark from Cuba I have a little Brinsea Advance that rotates the eggs every couple of hours, so hopefully it's not due to that? I'd hate to think it's down to something I did wrong in the incubation process I've done it but am not a scuba diver Not in Florida, but I guess we are northern Cuba anyway. Maybe she just got back from doing some deep sea scuba diving.  You're right. No matter how much I dislike an ideology, I shouldn't use it as an insult. My bad.

Besides, I suppose that "Stalinism" would describe Cuba more accurately. Looks exciting! Can't wait to see how it pans out. I'm not gonna start supporting a team just yet but I quite fancy Cuba. Not remotely as bad, but JFK ordered his aide to procure 1200 H. Upmann Petit Corona Cuban cigars (his favourite) immediately before he extended the embargo against Cuba.

Kind of a dick move if you ask me and anyone else who enjoys cigars.  &gt; Race had a lot to do with it. I didn't know there was such a thing as black Cuban until I actually went there.

what? as a southamerican, there's definitely a lot of afrocubans that flee their country out of poverty to work here. Huckabee isn't the only one with blood on his hands. Jeb Bush played a key role in the pardoning of Orlando Bosch, right-wing Cuban terrorist: http://thedailybanter.com/2014/12/remember-time-jeb-bush-gave-safe-haven-terrorist-florida/ SCUBA diving. I think it'd be more constructive to compare Vivek's beginnings with likes of other rookie owners.  Cuban is one that comes to mind and public opinion on him completely shifted once Dallas won a title. The problem here is there are vast classes of activity like scuba diving and BDSM that aren't obviously nerdy yet have vastly excessive nerd participation. Iraq, Vietnam, Cuba. Can confirm on the fart bars...not that they'll help in Cuba, but that they are indeed the highest octane fart fuel available currently.   Angelina Castro: "Anyone who thinks a Cuban wasn’t prepared to get down on her knees in the name of capitalism and the Miami Heat was wrong." If you go out on the water don't be a prick and wear a life jacket. Shits deep and there're *things* in that darkness, and I'm not just talking about Willy and his new scuba gear. uhm, I dont know what I've been thinking. when we're breathing Oxygen changes to carbon dioxide, yes?

jesus, I shouldnt have to ask those questions, im a scuba diver.. Can bearded guys not scuba dive? That was something on my beardy boyfriend's itinerary for this summer.  Hi I hope I Win. I never win . I am a loser . Bye bye scuba out . SCUBA and boat handling essential for my field "Yes! Cuban-B!" Gotchya thanks for the help. It really means a lot to this newbie haha. Now just have to wait for my small batch order to show up tomorrow to start to enjoy a wider range of cigars. Hopefully one day ill be able to enjoy a cuban No, Cuba's politics are Marxist-Leninist, not Stalinist. Some people might have gotten a trial. That doesn't excuse the 150-550 murders of prisoners. Not to mention that in communist Cuba, simply saying something anti-Castro or anti-Guevara was considered "treason", because they had no freedom of speech. Do you think our relations with Cuba and Iran are just happenstance.  We have taken away their friends and we may just take away their toys as well. So you can have them mailed from Cuba? [Oh yes, Cuba is a bastion of human rights. /s](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Cuba) How in the fuck are international fair trials given to Nazi leaders relevant to the way the Cuban government treated/treats its own citizens? Houston: Anvil

Plineys Tonic and the Nitro Tap Cuba Libre are my favorite drinks (silky smooth). If I can't scuba, then what's this all been about? If what you're saying is true, then Cuba wasn't communist. Because Cuba had/has a very oppressive and restrictive government. Which makes this whole discussion pointless. Again, read the /r/communism101 FAQ. There's a section there on Cuba. Hot bitter ass is not a flavor I'd associate with Cubans.  More likely than not it's an issue with your storage.  Cubans in my limited experience like a lower rH than NCs.  Try dry boxing and see what happens. Basically if you're the Cuba Gooding Jerry McGuire knock off best friend character. Don't send him that script.  Who would have known?. How is it possible?. Him a Hypocrite?, a Cuban Canadian that hates immigrants? NOOOOOOOOO. Shocking.  I saw someone put "scuba diving license" on a resume when applying for an english teaching position.   The ones I linked to multiple times in other reply chains of this same thread. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_rights_in_Cuba

Oh, and let's not forget the [mass murder of 150-550 innocent people.](http://www.biography.com/people/che-guevara-9322774) Nice.  Mine's waiting in my mailbox for when I get off of work. I tend to quick-steep my juices in an incubator, so I'll probably try it as-is tonight and do that tomorrow. I know you didn't ask but Cuban cigars are over rated. It is more of a mystical thing now. Most of the good rollers and families moved/are in other central American countries.  Cuban Mark? Cuba Gooding Jr. got an Oscar and a SAG award for that role. See more [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Supplements/comments/2x67au/mark_cubans_new_site_ranks_supplements_via/coxf2zf) and [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Supplements/comments/2k11ej/labdoor_state_of_the_startup_2014/) Castillo would defect back to Cuba I was going to say, I'm Aussie and have smoked cubans before, and they weren't half as great as I'd thought they'd be. Massively overrated. I ate so much tums and pepto pills when I came back,  funny I wasn't sick in Cuba,  just when I got back home.  Cuba Gooding's character is more than a "best friend" since his is an important part of the plot, and not just a token character.  Not a guess, that Scuba Store is notorious. As were mine, except for the scuba tank though... That was ridiculous. Unless you don't want to drown. I quite like not drowning myself!

I suppose you can chose for yourself No. Cuba has already said they support UEFA's proposal to postpone, but if the vote is held they will leave their ballot blank. I imagine it is Legendary ~~Cuban~~ ~~Canadian~~ Texas Senator Ted Cruz doing all the downvoting. I bellydance and scuba dive and do costuming and fx make-up. I bake and decorate. We collect nerf guns and have battles.  What do you mean you have taken away their friends? Everyone I know loves Cuba, mostly for the reason they don't just bend over for America. 

 Che. 

Two part movie chronicling Ernesto "Che" Guevara's exploits during the Cuban revolution and his failed revolutionary mission in Bolivia. Give him time I guess. It's probably an adjustment to go from Cuba to Richmond  Cuba could use your expertise.  OMG I love Scuba! what a doll. She always makes me aaaaaawwwwwww! Oh he was right to keep it at a distance - wild animals are unpredictable. Still, it wasn't in attack mode, it was in 'give me some fish' mode.

It was after fish, not scuba diver. A black person getting nominated for playing the black sidekick to a white lead is kind of a thing.

But Cuba wasn't that. Scuba sees a squirrel. SQUIRREL!!! Spiders are trying to take over the world, they're going to use fat people as giant incubators and once they have enough fat people the invasion will begin. I went to Cuba for a week back in March, no digestive issues for me while I was there. Maybe I was just good about avoiding the tap water, or I built up immunity to it in Fiji ... I don't think Selig was a huge obstacle for Cuban in recent years, he was able to bid on both the Rangers and Dodgers. I also don't wanna go there because I might be going to Cuba for a family get together if its anything like that super famous picture of the scuba diver looking off that crazy shelf near i'm guessing australia (lol) i'd like to see it Cuba.. Family get together.. I don't know if these are good or bad. Anti-immigration except for other Cubans.  You know a lot of the cuban farmers left for other countries even all this happened right? The whole mystic about them is over hyped. You need to get better Cubans, then. 

Seppoes are just bitter they can't get 'em. Most obvious is that Cuba doesnt make a box with a clear lid.   Lol, the "black foot cedar thingy" is the /r/cigars Cuban Stock cigar "We're not a house full of Cubans!" I prefer skydiving to scuba. I think it is a problem... You can use vaseline but that will only get you so far. Evidently not. One of the best cigars I've had.

["Miami, my friend, is not Cuba."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgb_1b8qMzo) I just realised my favourite cigars to date are actually cuban/dominican haha

Can you recommend some good value ones though? Always up for trying something different  Cuba libres, dark &amp; stormys, cape codders...


Basically simple, easy, cheap drinks that *sound* sophisticated ;) Why?  Initially he improved the lives of most of Cuba.   Yeah that's what I meant by overrated; people froth on the idea of smoking Cubans but they're fuck off expensive for what they are.

I'll stick to my Romeos haha I smoke Cuban style cigars on occasion, but I do see your point as to how many people still smoke knowing how bad it is for one's health. Bus na lang sakyan mo, Pre, kapag nasa Cubao ka. Bulok na kasi MRT station dyan. How are you going to shoot cyanide dipped bullets out of that?
 Do yourself a favor, get a Garand and a scuba tank like a real anti-shark operator would.  If you live close to the Canadian boarder, you can buy Cubans there and bring them back  A Cuba libre is my grown-up drink of choice. Most certainly. I'd do it for a lot less, actually. I couldn't give up my own child, but I would happily incubate one for a couple who couldn't conceive or carry their own.  "Cubans in Florida handle the heat by murdering people" really comrade? You're better than that. &gt; bought a dozen eggs off ebay to put in an incubator

&amp;nbsp;

Wow, so you can literally buy anything online these days.. I'm about to have an empty wallet and a house zoo Some years ago, and possibly still, there were cigar shops right on the Canadian American border that would sell you Cubans and just remove the ring for easy transport to America. I guess the thought was if there's no identifier it's just a cigar.  Florida is what you get when you mix together Southerners, New Yorkers, and Cubans. Get Cuba to send out some more...friendly...expeditions and we might just get that aaccomplished. Scuba! http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuban_intervention_in_Angola Scuba diving! Gozalo amigo, esto ya sabiamos todos que venia. Saluda a los de altopappy de mi parte. Tambien quiero vender la cuenta de Cuba y TuVieja si podrias ayudarme con eso. Nos re vimos. I recommend goggles and/or scuba gear for all attendees. Oh Cuba! "I'll see you when I see you my brothas!" While missing two hands and his face has been beaten A scuba outfit? Seriously? I had the opposite issue when I went to cuba and didn't go for almost 4 days at the end of the trip and when I got home. True, the geographic value of many 3rd world countries was important. See: Cuba. 

Many of those countries would not have had any power to influence global forces without backing from the 1st or 2nd worlds.  Someone in Wellington owns a dark red one, it was parked on Cuba a few weeks ago.

Should've stopped to take photos :( Arizona has a scuba school here right by the I17. I can't think of a swim-able body of water within 50 miles, let alone one you'd even think about scuba in. Oh, I plan to, but he didn't go straight from Cuba to Richmond (which I know is a pitcher's league). He's has played both Rookie ball and High-A and hit well over .300 in both. Whatever it may be, I hope he gets back on track. He constantly talks about his plan to take over the world. Watch out, Cuba, he's coming for you first. Fortunately I took Dukoral the last few times I was to Nicaragua and the first time to Cuba.

Didn't have any issues and haven't had any issues on repeat visits. One or two guys get knocked out every time though. I put them on an even scale. I've had goods and bads, same with other producers. But I don't subscribe to "Cubans are best." Yep! That's what it was called when I went to school. When studying historical immigration to the United States:

Chinese - Railroad expansion
Jews - Holocaust
Cubans - Castro Coup
Irish - Potato Famine Do you have any comparison photos? I am considering buying this lens over a GoPro (not really scuba diving or jumping off cliffs right now so cannot justify spending £400 on one) as it achieves that wide angle view I want. I've had one Bolivar which wasn't that enjoyable either. I followed it up with a wonderful Liga Number 9, which was way better. Just because its a cuban cigar doesn't mean it should be the best you can get. Scuba is my favorite internet cat. 
I love her cockeyed inquisitive stare! Yeah, and the failure of their parents hatred to carry over into the next generation is why the us political establishment feels safe extending a hand/pretending to extend a hand to the Cuban government. cocaine, cubans, and beaches So that just happened. This guy  compared Alberta to Cuba and Venezuela. And nobody thinks this is completely batshit crazy?  Strip clubs, cuban sandwiches, humidity  Beaches, cocaine, Cubans Yeah, just believe everything your government tells you about Cuba since they have banned you from going there and seeing for yourself. Contact had the Cold War feel. The Abyss had that Cuban Missile Crisis feel. They call him [Cuban Pete](http://youtu.be/Ip2MUtBoUxA). If she's Cuban as you stated in your other post, she doesn't belong in /r/pawg. Magnificent ass, but she isn't a pawg.

https://www.reddit.com/r/bigasses/comments/37n0w1/cuban_ass/ Since the Cuba player has gone inactive, do I regain control of the colony? I already have access to their sheet he will escape within 3 days . these jails have no security at all this is why they fill them up every day with new  prisoners. 
I saw ulbricht last day  smoking cigare in Cuba 

ulbricht is a HOAX Cubans are white..... You comin up to cullacubardee? ["Ted Cruz is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being I've ever known in my life."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIiOXff8A5Y) — *The Cubanadian Candidate* Kuwait. Vietnam. Korea. WWII. Spanish-American War(Cuba). Five figure groups from Cuba... the "Attencion" stations, maybe? I imagine the pilot doing that with one hand on the stick, sunglasses on even though it's foggy all while smoking a big Cuban cigar.


Nice. Sexy Beach Cubans It's cultural identity is what I'm talking about. 

Cubans, Puerto Ricans, Mexicans and other Hispanics are similar, but have differences in culture. There are also white skinned Mexicans, Cubans, Puerto Ricans and other Hispanics.  Thanks for the heads up. I switched from Cubase to Ableton a while ago and never looked back. 

I purchased Live 9 Suite with the Push controller about a month ago and have never used a controller that improves my workflow as much as Push does! Cutting out the membrane and seeds reduces the heat by at least half. You could also reduce the amount of peppers, but I wouldn't necessarily use jalapenos instead. You could sub in a cubanelle and still use one scotch bonnet. That'd be close. &gt; just believe everything your government tells you 

I don't believe what *any* government tells me, sunshine.  The difference between the USA and Cuba is that here, the press will occasionally expose a government lie. It was a breezy feel good movie that doesn't challenge the viewer, I think we all need a film like that sometimes. I really enjoyed Chef, and I want to try a cubano real bad. Aw damn, a really good cuba libre with the lime squeezed in and then rubbed around the rim of the glass?

HELL YEAH. One successful dude from a small island makes the island do baseball pretty well? I think Cuba and Puerto Rico may have something to say about that. :P Scuba diving and the swimming mechanic  in Witcher is similar,  had no problem getting it.  Tell them the Soviet, Chinese, and Cuban flags are cheap cloth then. 

That should shut them up.  Same is happening with Caribbean nations sans Cuba, Dominican Republic, and some Petrol states like Trinidad. They became failed states after independence as a result of the same braindrain and corruption occurring in African nations.  pademos hacer una fiesta i bebemos como una cuba :) Using castro and cuba as the metric, they should be everywhere.  And Cuban immigrants
 It takes 2 login cycles (daily reset is at 0:00 GMT) to incubate. Each day the kubrow loses 10% of its health. DNA Stabilizers give it 40%. So don't use them before 60% health. Find a tech incubator type of office or club, many will host breakfast, pub events, or guest speakers in the field. You'll probably find a number of people that share your hobby.  Is is marketing, or were they once that good, but have since fallen due to the embargo (or just plain being in cuba) and people in the US only really know about them pre embargo? Wii One exclusive. You control the entire game via scuba flippers and varying flavored paste tubes. Buy em all to see the end of the game!  Cubans With their scuba land suits Cuz they are secretly building Cuba inside Murica on Castro's orders. Didn't the American baseballteam lose a world championship recently against the Netherlands? With cuba coming second and canada coming third? Cuban, beaches, cocaine  There are a bunch of jobs going in the UK's biggest tech incubator:

http://www.thisiscodebase.com/jobs/ This really made me want to go to Cuba. No, more like cuba could teach us how to keep our shitty cars running. They are the masters at it. Protests in the Middle East, protests in Hong Kong, protests in Venezuela, protests in Cuba, protests in Ukraine; all backed up by western powers, mainly the US.  Scuba!!!!! He just went skydiving last weekend. His beard after was the fluffiest thing I've ever seen afterward. But alas, scuba beard. My cubano this AM tasted kind of sour. Why does no one here know how to pull a good cubano?!

Whyyyyyyy?! :D I'm going scuba diving today. So that's fun. Do Cuban cigars traditionally use less glue than non-Cubans? I know its a strange question, but I have noticed that a lot of CCs tend to have less glue oozing from between wraps.  Ohh, come to Hoboken. We have 4 awesome Cuban joints, each makes a mean cubano. Although I get crazy looks because I insist on no mustard.  [Imodium](http://www.imodium.com/).

...and I would've figured Cuba would have modern water systems.  Based on what I read in this thread, I guess not. Cigars and Cubans! I feel like EVERYONE is looking at Cuba as the rebirth of the golden goose If I Google "Cigars of Habanos", the first result says "Non-Cuban Cigars", lol. Coming from Cuba I agree Why would they need to get comfortable on land? Most of the planet's surface is water. They could get super intelligent underwater and then invent inverse SCUBA gear. Walk two minutes away from port and you'll be harassed by people begging to take you to the beach 5 miles away. Belize is great for Jaguars and Cuban cigars.  Cubans, beaches, sun [Cuba!](http://gizmodo.com/cubas-illegal-underground-internet-is-thriving-1681797114) Oh I meant cubano coffee. There IS a good Cuban joint for sandwiches here, but I &lt;3 mustard so it's allll good. (I secretly prefer just the roasted pork one - pan con Lechon - to the Cuban sandwich, but TELL NO ONE!) Get a set of flippers that a scuba diver would use. Going deep doesn't take long when you can propel yourself pretty fast underwater.  I love the stand but I feel like the incubation period is way too low. Anything that kills you quickly can be easily quarantined. It needs to incubate slowly and be contagious that whole time, and then kill you. That way it travels and spreads easier. Beaches, cocaine, and Cubans what was wrong with scuba in the pool. There's a chance I may be able to do a class to go scuba diving up to like 20 or 30 feet and I would love to try that on LSD. But if its too intense I would reconsider for just snorkeling  Keep checking in every 6 months.  PSD4 was one of the first boxes of Cubans I had, I smoked it 6 months after box code and it was very bland and burned wonky but 6 more months the flavor improved greatly Dude there's a ton of places to buy from. Literally spend 2 minutes on /r/cubancigars and you should be fine I was starting to have Scuba withdrawls, but now all is well. Easy....
Scuba Steve damn you!  If this move came a bit earlier, the US might have able to persuade Cuba to drop its support for Sepp Blatter. From what little I know there's an entire industry of rebranding Dominicans and the like -as Cubans.

FWIW I have had a Cuban. I knew (exactly) how it came in. It was the finest smoke I've ever had. I hope I can get to visit Cuba in my lifetime! Cubans, Cubans, Cubans. RPJesus
Scuba Pudding Jr
 I won't disagree with you but I have a hard time classifying China as cool simply because their government is totally fucked up Communist.  Cuba is the devil.  China is a dear friend.  I just don't understand that. Sadly the embargo will remain, but hey it is still a major step forward for US &amp; Cuba, and personally I hope like all things that are good, it works out :) Grab the mic and ask the Cuban delegates if they could begin handing out the tourism pamphlets, let everyone know about the hot new FIFA resort. I still find it odd that one of the largest sponsors of terrorism keeps a terror list.  Is America #1 on their own list?  How many terror plots did the US implement against Cuba alone?  I scuba dive. I'm not scared of water, just water where there is nothing surrounding me except for just water.  I spent a month in Honduras hiking and scubaing and lost 20 lbs. I came back with food poisoning and lost 10 more lbs. Thats a pretty crazy opportunity. Take it, also hire me as your assistant for cuba. I will find the cigars, hookers, and blackjack He made everything flood to allow all the SOC folks to scuba into our cities in the dead of night! ^^^to ^^^get ^^^some ^^^great ^^^tex-mex Cuba was added to the list on March 1, 1982. I really need to go to cuba Flair applied /u/scubajunky New Guy 29/05/15, please remember to contribute by posting and tipping others :)  Be sure to checkout [the newest giveaways!](https://www.reddit.com/r/BitTippers/new/) nope,buying scuba gear for saturdays rain. Amazing how Cuba cleaned up their act in only a few short years! I remember it being only a few years ago that they were vile commie terrorist-supporting assholes and now they're awesome!  Even when you are underwater with no scuba gear? Weren't Cuba in the Axis Of Evil? what've they done since then to stop being evil? was it a gradual process of de-evilification or is it just like flipping a light switch evil --&gt; good! Scuba dooby doo Keep your pepes in your back pocket, those are for trading! Acquire rare pitchforks by getting all different type of pepes, varying from bumble-bee pepe to scuba-pepe. Cuba has been penalized in a way that most countries have not in regards to the US. Most of it has been based on grandfathered policies going back to the US's relationship with Cuba prior to Castro and the missile crisis. Difference being that if cuba did devolve into a failed state, we would indeed intervene.  Our longstanding monroe doctrine would come into effect in combination with the "war on terror".  We'd invade in a heartbeat.   Going to Cubaaaaa Music DAWs are the reason I still use OSX. While Bitwig is intriguing, my workflow is still deeply tied to Cubase and Reason and a number of VSTs. One day there will be parity on Linux for music production...I hope. Pacific Coast Dive Center was really good for beginner scuba diving. Its pretty expensive but so worth it. I'm glad this is happening. The ridiculous "feud" with Cube has gone on long enough. I just wonder how much of this has to do with preventing Cuba from becoming an issue in 2016 because of Rubio and Cruz. Haha, that's my bandmate not me. He was in the midst of setting up sends/returns in Cubase so yeah... I suppose it is his thinking pose :D There are at least 4 other countries closer to the US than Cuba - Canada (north border), Mexico (south border), Russia (big/little Diomede), and the Bahamas (just off of Florida). Take a look at the [Angolan Civil War.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angolan_Civil_War#.27Cuba.27s_Vietnam.27) That's kind of the funny one, since our state has harbored a person who committed terrorist acts against Cuba.  I can be in the scuba squad?? Does this comment need to be asked every time in the daily thread about Cuba? I'm glad to see things between Cuba and the U.S. are finally starting to cool down. OK. Now I absolutely know it will fail.

[Mark Cuban would call you a moron.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYneLGRTgy8) They kinda did slaughter the natives. Che and Castro killed an awful lot of Cubans, and imprisoned a lot more, and the killing didn't stop once they took over. The best part of american culture is you can nearly experience it everywhere, except cuba, iran, north korea, sudan, syria and burma &gt;The removal has been one of Cuba's key demands, as leaders from both countries have repeatedly met to negotiate the details of restoring diplomatic relations, including the opening of embassies in Washington and Havana. Is anyone else old enough to remember this kind of fear-mongering around NAFTA? We somehow survived that one, and Mexico became a partner instead of an adversary. Ask the people of Cuba how they feel about markets being opened to them. People here like to say Barack Obama is just as bad as Republicans on foreign policy but can anyone point to any Republican front runners for 2008/2012 elections that would have been as willing to normalize relations with Cuba as Obama?

 Cuba at this point is no longer the greatest threat. It was either add Russia and China to the state sponsors of terrorism or remove Cuba.  In that war Cuba supported the winning side. The groups that the US  supported lost the war, some were still on the run until recently; even the US eventually switched sides. Cuba is now a potentially profitable business partner for the multinationals. They can't openly do business with terrorists, according to their market research. Therefore, Cuba is not on the terror list.  working on Gran Turismo 2, Found my old copy of A-10 Cuba! Apparently Cuba was on the US terror list, but somehow Turkey isn't lol sure that list isn't political at all. /s Secondly, Russia has become more terroristic but the US is afraid of them declaring war if Russia is added. Cuba isn't much of a threat when Russia's out there. I'm using Cubase Elements 8. Sorry, I should have clarified. I see Ned wasn't interested in trying to get creative with the lineup. I miss having the Cuban Crusher fill out the middle of the order.  &gt; http://www.steinberg.net/en/products/vst/vst_connect/start.html

This looks really cool! Ill keep it on tabs if I start recording people!

Do you know if this works outside of cubase or allows two people to work on the same daw? I like him in the lineup, but having him out for a few games may make him a little hungrier for some Cuban breakfast. how else will corporations force cuban's into america's shitty way of life? This is the thing... but I am assuming there was a lot involved in removing Cuba from the terror list, including those list of steps. Cuba being a non-issue would certainly be in Hilary's favor. 

Rubio and Cruz would probably prefer to keep this pot boiling for as long as possible. Batista was killing and imprisoning Cubans as well, but we were cool with it cause capitalism. &gt; marxism is simply a critique of capitalism and has nothing to do with terrorism.

Correct!  The fact that Cuba has committed atrocities against its people and the people of other nations is merely coincidence.   america committed crimes against cubans, not the cuban government. from the incredibly long blockade, to disrespecting cuban sovereignty . america still has a prison camp on cuban territory ffs.  That's the point, FLTA. Republicans think that giving any quarter to Cuba is giving in to the damn dirty communists.

Even though China and Russia get more of our money than any other country, but hey, Republicans are just fucking morons anyway. Im gonna assume most of your friends arent cuban then Thanks for the suggestion! I am a beginner so I would have to signup for the Introductory Tour (limit 12 meter depth). Do you know if the dive sites are worth scuba vs snorkeling with the dive limit?  &gt;america committed crimes against cubans, not the cuban government.

No they both committed crimes against the cuban people. The US more so 50+ years ago, and the Cuban goverment more so today. 

 Does this clear the way for banks and tourists to not worry about using American money in Cuba? My old college roommate has been residing in Cuba for the past 4 years to avoid his student loans and Comcast. That ass looks tastier than a sandwich de cubano thats a whataboutism, fidel and che didnt go around killing innocent cubans, they killed spies, terrorists and ex-police and ex-military Why was it ever on the list? A lot of terrorist groups from Cuba running amok around the world? I don't want expansion unless they can open up the talent pool from Cuba first. I've lived and eaten here my entire life and Tia's is the best Cuban food I've ever had I've heard some stories about Kemp. I believe one went like this, he went to introduce himself to one of the Cuban prospects and didn't get a reply, Kemp was overheard saying, "do you even speak english?" I'm sure he'll link to a unsourced blog written by a rich Cuban American who is butt hurt their families slave-built wealth was confiscated in Cuba. That's a scuba Steve and you just need a bendy straw Cuba had ties to the ETA in Spain and FARC in Colombia in the 1980's, and was fighting a proxy war against the US in Angola. They should have been off the list after the end of the cold war, but they deserved to be on it in the 1980's We can want relations all day long, they can say no. So in order to "open up Cuba" we have to negotiate. So you are asserting that the government of cuba has not committed any crimes.  What a fantastical world you must live in!  Full of benevolent dictators, rivers of honey and candycane forests! The Cuban government itself murders civilian aide workers trying to rescue refugees, even shooting them right out of the water with military aircraft. Good move

Cuba will eventually become a close ally of the US.   Our bullying of Cuba well beyond the end of the cold war has cost us a LOT of influence in Latin America. That and our history of helping supplant elected leaders with dictators for the benefit of US industry. Cubans desperately want mobile phones and internet access. The Cuban gov't actively prevents them. I love computers and I'm sure you do too. No oppression is the only lifestyle for us. Why not for Cubans? &gt; Canada bullying the U.S. 

Cuba bullying the U.S. would be more appropriate. haha Nah...Bolivar Petite Coronas.  Super cheap to buy, and then I can sell ~~MOLDY~~ PLOOMY CUBANS! The purpose of Instagram is to shadow Scuba the Cat. The world's most wonderful pet.

https://instagram.com/shadow_scuba/ I was talking about Communism, not the entire country of Cuba. Ahh OK! And yes it does! If you ever get the chance check out Sharm, especially Ras Muhammad Park its got the most amazing sea life I've ever seen and its great for an introduction to scuba diving!

No problem:) I am not sure if I do not have to be a common theme of the seas scuba class and I will be there until 4pm today and I will be there until 4pm today and I will be there until 4pm today....  Yeah I'm sure President Obama just got on the computer in his office and said "you know what? Cuba's coming off the terror list today." All he did was open up the document in Microsoft Word and delete Cuba. Bam, done [M8](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_rights_in_Cuba) [M8](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LGBT_rights_in_Cuba) Have you ever actually been to Cuba?

People will talk shit about Castro in public all the time. Artists are also allowed to be *super* critical of the revolution, since the government doesn't want to lose them. A lot of faces to put forth their shitty ideas of a perfect life.

Which shockingly turned into a great incubator for hypocrisy, misconduct and child molestation which according to them is sort of ok because Jesus Uh...  Rand Paul?  He had a pretty public fight with Rubio about it back in december.

http://time.com/3642353/rand-paul-cuba-rubio-isolationists-just-dont-get-it/
 &gt; and you'd like to wear something a bit more unique

Velvet SCUBA gear is unique too. You should wear it to dinner.  Reddit is an odd place where they think countries interact with each other like people do, or that national budgets are like their own home budget. 

Cuba made it's choice with the USSR, actions have consequences.  Oh good. Now the capitalists can move back in and take over Cuba, make it all nice and touristy for rich Americans.  I really hope flights to Cuba are cheap.  Cuba, the food sucked and the people were borderline rude. Are they incapable of growing herbs?! Grow some thyme, green onions, sage, oregano and *sprinkle liberally* Obama has been consistently criticized on this website for years for being "just like Republicans" on foreign policy. I wonder how many Republicans front runners in the 2008/2012 election would have gone about normalizing relations with Cuba? Yes. It's the same as when Cuba was screaming to high heavens about imperialism and national sovereignty while fully supporting the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia.

It's almost as if countries main desire is to advance their own interest. The Cuban shuffle, I have worked to damn many weddings. How is going after your national interest not logical? Do you think the US could have been best of buddies with Cuba in the 1980s? Why does the US need to benefit from everything they do. What if it's just good for Cuba? Sometimes friends just do nice things for each other.  Except, Cuba really *was* a supporter and funder of terrorism back when the US added them. Cuba has since then stopped, so the US removed them.

Nothing hypocritical about it.  Did everyone already forget about that CIA report and their involvement in media in Cuba? Cuban Las Vegas 1950 style... here we come! Well, we were funding, arming and training terrorists that were carrying out attacks in Cuba, so the fact that didn't retaliate against us directly is telling for who has the moral high ground.  What about Cuba?

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environment_of_Cuba Except Cuba *has* had ties with terror groups, back in the 1980s and 1990s... Maybe [Bonobo-Scuba](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HRpn8oSSEPw)

Some genres to look up in the future is trip-hop and downtempo. CUBAN!!! somebody get mark on the phone! He rolled Orgun, Scuba, Cell, DSM and CHKilroy for his starters. When the mission ends, two operatives are on the ground; I'll leave you to find out their precise states. That diamond studded Cuban link anklet is dope! So... can I import cuban cigars yet? Just out of curiosity why did Cuba get listed as a state sponsor of terrorism again? Was it just because the coup or Soviet Union planned on sending out nuke warhead to Cuba? Nah it will be much faster than that. The Cuban regime will not survive open access to the internet. not a cuban splif Interestingly enough, Cuba adamantly supports Russia'ss current actions in Ukraine.

For some reason they didn't like it so much though when they were in the same position during the Bay of Pigs. Hypocrites all around.  What changed is that we elected a Democrat for president. If a Republican were in office, Cuba's designation would still be the same. 
 I don't have a rooting interest either way.  Just a realist.  Bev's knee looked great this year though, I sure hope that wiley old Cuban doesn't outsmart Morey again. Let's add up all the times that Cuba has terrorized the US, and the amount of times the US has terrorized Cuba, and you tell me who should be on a list. Um, how about in the Cuban Missile crisis when Castro wanted to launch the nukes at the US, and Kruschchez thought of him as a mad men? How bout that part?

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikita_Khrushchev Oh No! Well if you need a daily fix of Scuba check out Instagram. :3 I post daily on there for her and her brother Shadow. 
Username-Shadow_Scuba. Plus I want to visit. I've seen pictures my pseudo-aunt brings back and a lot of Cuba is absolutely beautiful.  &gt; I can count on my hands the number of times I've seen a house with ANY flag flying outside of it.

Ah I see, meaning even Cuban flags are not that prominent? Out of curiosity are people in Miami patriotic towards the US? Or is it more indifference?  Does anyone else think it's oddly convenient timing now that Cuba has announced they have a lung cancer vaccine (which we want)?  Cuba claimed to be against imperialism yet supported the soviets in Czechslovika in the 60's).The #1 rule of international relations is that countries act in their own self intrest. Saudi Arabia has done more to help terrorism than Cuba ever has. It's going to be really fun when the Cuban people overthrow the Castro regime, either through revolution but most likely through protests and new elections. And? Is there a point there? 

Saudi Arabia can influence the price of oil, and Cuba cannot. One is an ally, the other was an enemy.  Does this mean American's can now travel to Cuba? You've been able to use American money in Cuba for years, but it had an additional 10% premium added to the exchange rate. Yes, and the US claims to fight terrorism yet from 1959 to present, waged an intense terrorism campaign on Cuba that has included armed invasions, sabotage, threats of war and severe economic sanctions just to name a few. You won't find much more patriotic people than older generation Cubans.  Potholes, north cuba Cuban isn't the GM Have a DTM Cuban Ballerina quarter sleeve.  Cuban immigration is a bad joke and every American knows it. Especially the "conservative" Cubans who rail against other hispanic "illegal immigrants."

It is a fucking joke. Is there actually a list somewhere? Like a .txt file on a whitehouse computer, and then Obama had to delete "Cuba" from it before he could say they were removed? I think this is just a move to ensure that Cuba won't be used as a backyard launching point for ISIS missiles if that happens.. Kissing Castro's ass now is very very strategic.  Yeah I know that there are no reliable sources from Cuba, but I think World Food Programme has done some research instead of just using the stats provided by government. But you can never know for sure... Because Cuba is making medical breakthroughs and the US wants to be part of it and take credit.  Where can I sign up for the first cruise to Cuba? Oh, like the hypocrisy when Cuba was screaming to high heavens about imperialism and national sovereignty while fully supporting the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia? 

It's almost as if countries main desire is to advance their own interest.
 I was really looking forward to the planned PEK-YUL-HAV route if only for the reason that I could fly on a 50% empty widebody and make a pillow fort on my way to Cuba.  Too bad CA couldn't get the Fifth Freedom rights on that segment. Basically North Cuba I'm sure the Cubans will disagree. Sounds like a fun evening though. How does nationalizing a US companies property equate to terrorism?

As for Allan Gross, he was caught breaking Cuban law, (which he even admitted to) working on behalf of USAID. USAID has a history of providing cover to the CIA. Thanks! I'm a Floridian so I used a lot of what I know about the state's history and relationship with Cuba. For instance, inside Ybor City, there a piece of Cuban territory! It's pretty cool!  This, watch for cuba to join the IMF, in the up and coming years, and what comes with it is the "american" way of life. So how long before Americans will be travelling there for vacations?     
 I need to get a Cuba vacation in before that date. Really? I hate to fully write movies off based on the actors, but Cuba had a bad run after American Gangster.  I'll look into it though. Thanks! Yea, Cuba is super innocent ;) No basis except for the people who were driven out of Cuba or executed for being gay. Root farmers subjugate the now-inferior vine-farming class. Riots break out in five major cities and Cuba. I definitely see this happening unfortunately from Cuban to further spite us after slapping them around in the 1st round. Plus they already said Harden has been talking about getting a point guard recently. cuba is a land mass bro, not a person &gt; Plume/bloom/mold who cares it's a Cuban

I still care... The Great Cuban Porn Revolution of 2016. Nothing's worth getting sick or dying for, I mean aside from loved ones, but I'd rather skip a Cuban and smoke another 100 NC any day. I'm starting to become fond of Cuban music. 

I also am considering taking up the bongos, but I can't decide between that or saxophone.  Older Cuban Americans generally don't support warming relations between the U.S. and Cuba.   I await the day that US citizens will be able to freely travel to Cuba. It will be great for Cuba's economy. I'll tell you why. It looks like it's infested with something. Like some insect has used it as an incubator for its hatchlings.  The Incubators have come to torture us with endless suffering once agai-

*See's the eyes shift to Magical Ruri whatever the fuck her name was*

Oh...wait...RURI DO YOU HAVE SOMETHING YOU NEED TO SAY ABOUT YOURSELF? NO ISIS Cuba, remember When will I be able to buy Cuban cigars ?  mmmmm, Cuban Breakfast incoming They have been very clear that we have not yet deposited enough money into the right Cuban official's Cayman Islands bank account.  happy to see the cuban lights today I kinda want to see Cuban Breakfast pitch. Yes because Cuba is known for that kind of practice... Now serving:

##Cuban Breakfast ###CUBAN DOINK It does demonstrate reality, it is the current map of our relations with nations. Our relations with Cuba are improving, or at least the administration wants that, as you can tell from them being removed from the list. For a second my sound wasn't working and I saw the chinstrap beard on the mound and thought "Wtf is the Cuban doing out there?"

That was weird.

Edit: Giving up dongs, apparently. But has the US been removed from Cuba's terror list? &gt; "Terrorism" used to mean something specific, not just something applied to friggin jaywalking.

In fairness, there was that whole Cuban Missile Crisis thing from back in the 60s.  Pointing nukes at Florida is a little more egregious than jaywalking. There's an educational version which will cost less than Cubase and Audio Deluxe is selling 10/11/12 for 299.99.  How many chars? I'm going to be doing a heap for /u/cubanpete26 so I have no problem tagging yours on. Ah, this being /r/scuba, I thought the pictures were taken in the water. Hello,

I look forward when the embargo ends. I look at an opportunity to play, mingle with cuban tobacco. I would love to blend our tobacco with cuban leaves. I know it will taste good. 

Montecristo No. 2 CC was my first cigar.

Thank you Did not go to cuba. Went on Royal Caribbean out of Miami and Ft. Lauderdale, had cigar shops in Costa Maya, Mexico &amp; different ports in Jamaica.  Hopefully he gets a taste of reality through this experience instead of incubated indoctrination and he manages to shake the virus off in later life. Good luck to him! :D Remember folks, God works in mysterious ways.  Great news!  I visited Cuba during Spring Break and I've been keeping up with all of the politics since then and I'm glad everything is winding down.   Now I want them cuban cigars Beautiful.  You need to scuba dive deep on that spot. Maybe you'll find something 😉 Sandwiches r slamming. Love roast pork Cuban sandwiches. Kik bleullama. I have a weird neighbor that communicates with raccoons. The new Cuban Missile Crisis ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) Absolutely recommend the scuba diving. You spend about 40 minutes underwater up close with all the fish and eels (didnt see any sharks or rays). The surface can be pretty choppy but down only 30 feet its really calm. There's nothing normal about Cuba. It would make more sense to have Olivera slide to 2B because that's where he primarily played in Cuba. Plus, Guerrero is a better 3B than a 2B. If Kendrick leaves, it should be Guerrero/Turner 3B, Seager SS, Olivera 2B, Gonzalez 1B. No, just recently, Cuba's heart grew three sizes and now it's good. Classic story. you must not be old enough or learned enough in school to know about the Cuban Missile Crisis.  [so here you go.](http://www.cubanmissilecrisis.org/background/) OMG I misread the title. I thought it said Cuba removed US from terror list Yup cross Cuba off that. Why Sudan what's going on down there  Lots and lots of scuba diving.  Maui in 3 weeks, Bonaire at the end of July, and hopefully the kelp forests in CA in August. How does Cuban's support for the MPLA in that civil war constitute support of terrorism though? http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/37q8p0/the_us_removes_cuba_from_terror_list/crp1iuy

Not everyone is out to get you Cuba may be a screwy nation, but it's never really been a 'terrorism supporter'.  At best, it could be argued they don't repatriate terrorists who flee there - but, honestly, being stuck in Cuba isn't all that different from being stuck in prison. And now the US needs to stop sponsoring international terror and extradite [their own terrorists](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Posada_Carriles) to face charges at Cuba. Cubans. There's little Cuba, down in Miami  It'll suck for everyone else when Americans can use Cuba as a resort destination for dinner holidays/spring break. I like you and all but some of you give all of you a bad name. I just got back from Cuba as an American. What an amazing country and experience.  Last time I saw this, though, it was announced that those chicks were cuddled up against the cup because they weren't old enough to be out of the incubator and they were freezing and miserable :/ Unfortunately, in that light, it's not as cute. You sound like you're US. The Feds generally don't seem to care if you're importing Cubans for personal use, but I'd have to imagine you'd get slapped with a nice big fine if you got caught reselling them. I've seen Cuban cigars at duty free shops in European airports. No, keep the embargo up. ISIS might use Cuba as a forward base to invade the United States.  /scared In Spain to masturbates with the tits is named Cubana We can get Cuban cigars now. That's all that matters. Cuban cigars will be at an all time high As a child of Cuban immigrants I'm stoked and both of my parents are elated.   Just a Don Pepin (Cuban Classic)  Never shopped for cigars when I've been in Canada do they not carry many non cubans? Oh I'm, sorry, I forgot Cuba existed. [some advice for your next steps](https://i2.wp.com/img.photobucket.com/albums/v493/scubastza/Blog%20Stuff/2937635111_391007ba91.jpg) Yep, we aren't a big fan of Cuba. Gold Olympus and Dream? Wow I'm lucky. Got all three Olympuses in a row a few weeks ago and have a dream incubating.  Same! I think seeing a whale while scuba diving would be fuckin awesome!  If I look down and spot sunken trees and boats, or seaweed, I'll damn near have a panic attack. I'd take a whale over a tree trunk any day!  True, that honour is shared with North Korea, China, Cuba and lesser extent Vietnam. You're judged by the company that you keep. Cuban immigrants in Florida. People love to say JFK , but name me one thing besides almost nuking Cuba and nailing hot chicks in the White House and daring the public to fund Nasa that he did for society . Professionally I learnt pro tools in 1997-1999 and haven't needed to touch it since. Cubase for music, Nuendo for post if you need that capacity. Both much easier to use than tools and they allow you to use any hardware you want.  Just a bit of extra info,  I'm on the right and that is my dad  there on the left.  We did a resort scuba course and got to dive down to about 40 feet and sit there while they fed a bunch of carrierbean reef sharks.  It was pretty gnarly.  Why the fuck is Cuba removed from a terror list?! Just last year they were caught smuggling military weapons to North Korea.

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-26210187 China has it's own problems, but China is also an economic powerhouse. Cuba, is no such thing. North Korea and Cuba have this and Antarctica beat by a long shot I'd say. Good news. Cuba isn't a threat to the USA, and its a model nation in the Hemisphere as the 4th highest level of human development after Canada, the USA, and Chile The majority of the world, however, can agree that some terrorists are terrorists. 

I doubt China or India would disagree on most of the US's list, Cuba notwithstanding, of course. They call me cuban pete.  When I play the maracas I go chick-chicky-boom, chick-chicky boom They call me Cuban Pete.  When I play the maracas I go chick-chicky-boom, chick-chicky boom Miami transplant here. I've been in Pittsburgh for about 7 years, and I haven't found any Cuban bread either :'(  In other news.  Cuba adds U.S. to its terror list. Second generation Cuban from Tampa here.  No one in Pittsburgh has ever even heard of Cuban food here. The problem with Cuba is the blockering they suffered since 60s they are a small island, they need could import and export and no only to Venezuela or China.   Lavishly might be an overstatement. I'd better most upper middle class Americans live better off than 99% of Cuba's ruling elite. I was in your position once. I knew Cubase pretty well by the time I needed to learn how to use ProTools.

The concepts carry over, and the learning curve will not be as steep for you as it will be for your classmates, but it won't be nonexistent. Cuba supported FARC, a terrorist organization.

'Objectively' doesn't mean parroting Chomsky talking points. Cuba would look a lot like the Dominican Republic. Cuban immigrants to the US would be treated like Haitians or Mexicans.  I'm not sure Cuba has the resources, geopolitical independence, and economic trajectory to do what China has done. If you have a scuba/dive store nearby they sell a 100% "food grade" silicone grease that divers use for attaching their respirator hoses and such. It works great for gbb pistols. I went to a bar in Charlotte and the waitress didn't know what a Lynchburg Lemonade or Cuba Libre was. Amateur.  Bar Marco will be opening up a Puerto Rican / Cuban food truck shortly, I believe.  try Scuba Instructor and spend 1 year in every exotic place that tickles your fancy or maybe try TESOL. And I personally believe it's unethical to force someone to be an incubator whether they had sex voluntarily or not.   So basically you want to force your citizens to stay in Cuba because the country isn't attractive enough for them to want to stay? Got it. No, it's because the quality of cuban tobacco will be greatly diminished, and tobacco is the third largest source of currency in Cuba. If this happens, the Cuban economy will probably in trouble.

Edit: Besides, I'm from the US #CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS Idiot college kids with no education or understanding of what Cuba really is celebrate in 3...2...1... What is Cuba really? We need them Cuban reinforcements. A path of destruction? Hah. Tell it to nations who have succeeded, triumphed and were led to victory by Communism! Like the Soviet Union, Vietnam, Cuba, and many others. It turns you into a Cuban refugee after witnessing your friend get chopped up into pieces and then you become a drug lord and you die in a hail of gunfire. It's unfortunate it happens so often.


Not even once. Of course you're white. It's your genes, not your culture. There are lots of white Cubans like you. That's why Cuban communities are usually so safe and prosperous.  Sadly, Quebec appears to be the *least* likely expansion destination. It'll expand to Mexico before Canada get one more team... Or maybe Cuba My folks actually brought me back some rum from Cuba that's pretty good. I mean, not the best, but it's extra enjoyable because of the grey market aspect of it.

I'll be picking up some diplo as soon as I am out though, that looks tasty. hey thats not a bad idea at all! Do you scuba? Miamian [transplant] here.  Ain't no Cuban bread in western pa.  Or ropas.  Or black beans.

Man, I need to take a trip southward.... In Mexico a Cubana would be a kind of torta (the sandwich, not the cake). Welcome to south Fla I must assume. I had a Cuban cross country coach, let's just say he was passionate. On the flip side, they make a sandwich I might have to consider committing a felony over... As a scuba diver, this still scares the shit out of me.  Luckily most of the dives I do are 30-120' with pretty flat surroundings, but in Bonaire, you can pretty much go out over a gigantic cliff hundreds of feet deep and look down.  Not fun. It sucks being a Cuban communist living in south Florida. I always have to shush about my politics because of the rampant anti-communism here. Worse, whenever I *do* say I'm a communist, the follow-up I get is "but aren't you Cuban?"

*Sigh.* Don't open the champagne yet, wait until the fanjul family's sugar subsidies are abolished to see true progress on the Cuba issue.  Cuban restaurant here in Lawrenceville just closed :( Tenders in Oakland is rumored to have decent Cuban. And Conflict Kitchen is now serving Cuban! I make sure to get my Cuban food when I'm in South FL for work.  For some reason there is a distinct lack of Cuban food around Pittsburgh but seemingly a market/want of it. Time to ruin Cuban beaches for Canadians!! Wouldn't it be better for him to choke on a Cuban sandwich? As soon as commercial ferry service to Cuba is opened for U.S. tourists I'm going to be on the first boat. This is one advantage to living in FL I plan to capitalize on.  It's about time.

Also, what's a Cuba? Hmm. Do you have a time limit you need these done by? As I'm doing 10 for /u/cubanpete26. I have no problem adding yours on. Would you call this dog Japanese or *Cuban*? Get it *cube*! Sorry. I always wondered how this happens? Do they have a "Terror List - Countries 2015.xlsx" file that someone opens and they delete the row with Cuba on it? Did Cuba take the US off the terror list? Is that a cuban knight anole?
 A scuba-diving moose that sound you hear is lots of angry Cuban exiles about to protest in Florida. Wikipedia says there are 114,000 people of Chinese heritage living in Cuba.  According to the US State Dept, what acts of terrorism has Cuba carried out to warrent being placed on that list in the past? It is.  I tried to stick with the Florida beers and went with Cigar City Cubano Espresso Brown, and Two Henrys Jameson French Oak Steam Boat. Both great. Ah the bread is what makes it a Cuban Sandwich! I'm anxious to see what CK is going to offer. does this mean that americans can travel to cuba now? Younger generation born in Cuba. Not so much. 

2nd and 3rd Generation children of Cuban parents or grandparents, they are more American than Cuban.  has the US been removed from Cuba's terror list? Whoa whoa whoa...what do you do on these scuba dives...is it just for fun? And there's Communism, folks.  They were smart enough to change up the economic parts before they went broke like the USSR, Cuba, North Korea, Venezuela, etc.... but they're still playing by the top-down, dictatorial playbook for societal control. So when does America repay Cuba for America´s 50 year War of Terror against the Cuban People? I have to disagree. Native language? He speaks Spanish with a heavy English accent.   He's not very articulate in either language to be honest. 

Source: Cuban-American Don't worry Dodger fans. The Cubans are coming. Soon... How far are you from Cigar Chief? http://cigarchief.com/product-category/non-cuban-cigars/my-father-cigars/
 Argentina is playing well, lacks defensive cohesion maybe, but i'm sure we'll get it when Mammana and Cubas will be able to play (fuck those stupid River-Bocas, NT should be priority). Cigar City Cubano Style Espresso is my favorite beer of all time 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻 I was talking about Erdoğan. He is a compulsive liar.

Did people forget the "Muslims founded Cuba and built a mosque there" thing? I got shitton of other examples in Turkish. Not all of them, at least, not for me. For the life of me I could not identify the Delta Timburr line - the scuba divers - until I saw the credits. Even then it took a second for it to really click in my head. I don't know what a Lynchburg Lemonade is, but a Cuba Libre is rum, Coke, and a twist of lime. http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-26210187


MIGs under sugar lol. Sure Cuba sends out help but they really treat their citizens pretty shitty. I'm not a fan of them.  Ah see but both teams have to make it for this ~~black~~ cuban magic to work Cuba was justified being on the list for like a year.

Not fucking 30 or however long it's been, pure insanity.  I'm not Cuban-American, I don't have Cuban citizenship. My parents do, but I don't. 305, Pitbull, Cuba 2.0 Bloody hell that's gotta be brutal. But there must be some minority, indeed unspoken minority, of Communist-sympathetic Cubans in Florida. No hope among the young people? Mark Cuban. Hahahah. No I'm pretty sure it was a crime to use currency in Cuba. I know they accepted it, but it was technically illegal for Americans to spend money there. Fair enough. Cuba is no Saudi Arabia. And yet the Soviets were the first in space and Cuba is a world leader in medicine and biotech.  I'm a little surprised that Rubio, Cruz, or some other prominent GOP legislator didn't make some kind of effort to derail this in the time allotted to Congress to prevent the removal of Cuba from the list.  did cuba ever actually belong on the same list as Al Queda and ISIS?  we need new list people. So can I officially bring Cuban cigars into the U.S. yet? Moms from Cuba. Dads from Jamaica. My moms great grandmother was Chinese. Dads great grandfather was from Scotland. Cubas main desire is to do whatever the fuck it takes to keep a castro in power. I hope the reason they removed Cuba from the terrorist list is so they could add Turkey in its place. http://incubator.duolingo.com/courses/eo/en/status No. The person already in existence trumps it. They have the right to decide if they want to be an incubator.  I like my women like I like my coffee. Black, strong, and imported from Cuba. Kobe is a good example actually. I can absolutely see mark cuban or an owner like that being loyal. You forget that it's not just a "business" it's the playtoy of these billionaires who can do whatever they want  But they are bros now.... Truth is that the cuban government is still the same piece of shit it was in the 80s. &gt;And brandy?? No one drinks that!

You mean aside from all the rich 1%-ers who sip their E&amp;J while smoking fancy Cuban cigars and scheming to murder 18-year-old high school students. Why would quality drop? Also, wouldn't more consumers mean more revenue for Cuban tobacco. I will trade you any cigar city canned for heady topper. I even have a 4 pack of cubano espresso brown.  that is a much better question.

you can use ableton (for os x), logic, reason, cubase, there are others but they're not all good for beat making What Terror was actually funded by Cuba? Does that refer to the guerillias in South America, or something? (If yes, then that'd be super hypocritical) Or was it simply done out of spite? Cuba was placed on the list in 1982 for training rebels in other countries? Don't we do that? Clearly you're confused, it was because of terror caused by Cuba, you know, like the Bay of Pigs.... Cuba is now allowed on Obama's Minecraft server. I think the only player right now who asked for more money and would actually get it is Dirk Nowitski. He clearly took a huge pay cut and I am sure if he wanted more Mark Cuban got him.  In the "Sugar Intervention" it seems like the Cuban government directly invited US soldiers to train on the island, how is that an invasion? TIL Cuba was on the US terror list. Only if you're helping her get ready to scuba dive. Or go bungee  jumping. Or some other relevant reason. Otherwise why would you?

Thin women and thick alike don't usually like other people discussing their weight. Alma de Cuba does that. Short version: Cuba did what the US did, except they wanted different guys in power. I use Vermiculite in the encubator and lay box. Only had 2 babys yet, first season, but the geckos love it. nice job!!!

(ps [for your dad](http://www.amazon.com/Defogger-Carabiner-Great-Scuba-Divers/dp/B003JPJIH4/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1432973394&amp;sr=8-2&amp;keywords=mask+defog)) [If it helps: Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, Columbia, Jamaica, and Cuba are all either one or two stars](/sp) Clearly aliens are using the hot swampy conditions inside atomizers to incubate their offspring. Scuba diving. I really want to try it but Im terrified. scuba is love, scuba is life Wasn't one of the controversies related to the Cuban community, being that the mission objective was to "Kill all Cubans"? I though that was a Cubano? Mala in Cuba cover to cover  He got Cuban in his corner. No worries for Dirk.  No! You guys are going to ruin Cuba for us Canadians :( we had a good thing going there... But what is cause, what is effect? Not least because of the sanctions Cuba doesn't exactly have lots of alternatives to get $$$. A lot of money-making in the world isn't because people are "evil", it's because they don't have a lot of better options. Thanks! not sure how the scuba outfit fits in, is this a private joke or did I miss a really hilarious quest? That is a question millions have been asking, from Cuba to China to Russia to Venezuela.... Serious question: after all of these years of state-run tobacco farms, are the current Cuban cigars any better than the cigars being produced in Costa Rico, the Dominican, etc. by the original Cuban families who fled when their farms were seized? Not cuban. But feels good  Cubans aren't any better, just different.   



Cubans are popular in the US because it's the forbidden fruit.  &gt; So why would it make sense for the US to turn around and do business with Cuba?

murica realizing that cancer vaccine is more important than cocaine &gt; Your turn, America.

they became friends with Cuba to whore their cancer vaccine :-) To answer your question: yes.

The camera will survive in a rainstorm, but taking it scuba diving without a real underwater case is silly. &gt; Cuba

What, you mean the country that's still standing after decades of economic (and occasionally physical) terrorism by the largest economic superpower in the world? Bad example, that. And then the U.S will start sending it annual aid and we'll see all of you bitching about Cuba here? Got a few more numbers

[Brazil, Canada:1; Ecuador:2; Egypt, Saudi Arabia, US, Jamaica, Cuba, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador:1 or 2; India, Italy: 3 or 4 ](/sp) Good, now the US should add themselves to it for supporting terrorism against Cuba. Je,je... los EEUU están allanando el camino en Cuba para que sus barcos cargados de petróleo pasen de Venezuela a los EEUU atravesando las aguas de Cuba, "... para que vengan ahora estos de Podemos a apoyar a Venezuela y a joderlo todo..." Haha fooled you Texas. Got my scuba gear out this morning  I think that saying "Cuba was funding a group that was *harming* Colombia" isn't the relevant factor. It should have said "Cuba was funding a group that was affecting Colombia in a way *contrary to the USA's interests*". I think the US is guilty of more human rights violations on cuban soil than any cuban is. This game takes every quirky little unique feature I like about Wii U and rolls it up into a fun online shooter.

I like this game.

Also, Dale+(Communism)^^Cuba = Pitbull is a secret fan of Splatoon? Cuba allows catholicism nowadays. And China didn't ban it in the first place.

Communism isn't necessarily synonymous to Soviet Russia. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rudolf_Anderson

Shot down in a U2 during the Cuban missile crisis and the only fatality due to enemy fire during it, which is good figures considering what that could have potentially ran into...  They need to start acting like Cuba did in its special period. Grow food everywhere. Learn to fix everything. Learn to live without imports. That sucks I guess I never paid attention when I was up there. Is it because you can buy cubans and that all they want you to buy? Nah the Cubans are even more outrageously priced than the NCs.

It's all luxury tax and gouging.  Perhaps but Russia and China have sympathizers around the world. North Korea, Iran, Cuba, just to name a few. Thats on them...better get some scuba gear. Yea I know cubans are ridiculous up there that's why I never bothered to shop but I didn't know all cigars were. What is your tax  on tobacco  It's very rare to find "waterproof" listed as a term for anything, simply because it's very open to misinterpretation. 

Does that mean you can take it out in the rain? Snorkelling? Scuba diving? Deep sea diving? Scuba Steve! &gt;But there must be some minority, indeed unspoken minority, of Communist-sympathetic Cubans in Florida.

If there are any, I haven't met them unfortunately. Solidarity camarada. Have you thought of traveling to Cuba? Are there any relatives of yours that remain there? Medical advancements in "cancer research" beyond ours... that someone with money wants to make a profit off of. 

Edit: very sorry. http://www.globalresearch.ca/cuba-develops-four-cancer-vaccines-ignored-by-the-media/5390303 Commiserating. Also from FL and I used to eat Cuban bread almost every day. Best bread ever. I love em. I have a 110 with a reel when I'm freediving and when scuba I carry both the 110 (double band for range) and a 90 (single band for quick reloading, and to shoot up underneath stuff).  The jack Browns are great in a pinch. My family keeps one on their boat with a scuba bottle in case of emergencies.  Cubans get their first taste of modern American culture. I bet they'll want the embargo back by the time these niggers leave their country.  ファイル末尾に無音領域を数秒作っておいて正解だったな。cubase上では表示されないが余韻が残っている。 Are you Cuban? Gotta keep those seals lubed up! My dad taught me to be comfortable in the water by buddy breathing while scuba diving when I was younger. Now whether I dive a superlite or a mark v, I'm completely comfortable that I have plenty of air.  Sex.


So many catch a terrible disease that ruins their lives after a 9 month incubation period, but that never seems to stop people.  Bolivar abd Partagas are my favorite. BRC was my first Cuban box I got Mark Cuban: You're the boss and a billionaire and you live life like it. Other sharks snack on your chum. Perhaps you are ignorant of the internet access in Cuba? yes that really threw my off, had me wondering if maybe thats how cubans speak spanish They always trot out the old car photos to show Cuba as somehow quaint and picturesque but the implicit thing in these photos is serious poverty A better move would have been to do so much earlier. Trade and cultural diffusion would probably have given the US much greater influence over Cuba than its embargo did. College kids with no education is an interesting concept.   Maybe the intent is to label those flag burning, global warming promoting, evolution lovin atheist homosexuals who don't realize World War 3 almost started over Cuba.  But, I don't know. Cool, glad I waited.  Now if Cubase would go on sale I'd be set! That would make me hold my breath while my heart stopped, neither of which would be good on a scuba dive, I'd assume. It gives America a place to stick suspected terrorists that isn't in America itself. Aside from that it probably isn't very important aside from pissing off the Cubans  I hear the US is letting Americans go to Cuba again. Maybe they have a football conference we could join? Because let's be honest, we might have burned some bridges... Is that Cuban? He's Dirk Nowitzki without a Mark Cuban. Cuba, Really???!!!

Can anyone explain?  We have them on the terror list and embargoed (thankfully ending soon) but we have pledged for its defense? How have I never heard of this?  

This is terrifying!  

I guess I understand the American grudge against Cuba a little more now.... Cubanwonder32 33 hunter as well There are, not a lot though. Most of them are exchange students from Afrika or Cuba. No Cuban, only Dominicans  Thank Kennedy and Khrushchev. DC's first use of the word was 1963, not long after the Cuban Missile Crisis. You're an idiot. He is talking about player base alone. Also yeah, let's include the Guatamalea, Haiti, Nicaragua, Cuba and all the other 3rd world countries that aren't the US and Canada in NA's population . They all totally play computer games, rofl.  Well, yes, but proper incubation requires consistent and precise heat, which that animals who don't self-regulate body temp cannot provide.  Not sure if this counts. I went on a trip to Cuba and this guy got extremely wasted, peed all over the floor and had to call a maid to clean it up. He then proceeded to make out with her and she seemed to like it.  scuba zed confirmed The United States better keep their hands off Cuba. They likely want Cuba to pull a China and take the capitalist road. Only Built For Cuban Linx is amazing. Gza is just such a technically gifted rapper, no hype just hard as fuck.

Plus, he's in one of my favorite scenes in Indie cinema, Coffee and Cigarettes. saliva works, too :)

again, congrats for the courage! did you enjoy your scuba experience? Well they contain tobacco just like any other cigars, but Cuban cigars are considered to be some of the best cigars in the world and can cost hundreds of dollars per cigar.  Dallas is so fucked. Cuban must be pissed Summer Breeze  - Seals and Croft from Dazed and Confused

Cuban Pete from the Mask

Would I Lie to You - Euryrhmics from One Crazy Summer

Higher and Higher - Jacks Wilson from Ghostbusters 2

 Cuba has been going down that road for a long time now. Just slower than other ex-socialist countries. I mean now we can even call Castro reactionary... He was a communist revolutionary. He helped Fidel Castro seize power in Cuba and later tried to start some other communist revolutions, mainly in South America.

What he did to become the "face of revolution" was basically to look photogenic. Question, how would one find it, I do believe they are called incubators? Searched in my city and a couple of options popped out but no idea what I'm looking at. More details? Cuban.  What rubbish USSR and Cuba are great examples of existing communism.  Yeah... except that this treatment isn't being used anywhere (including countries that have good relations with Cuba), so it seems more likely that this magical cancer vaccine turned out to not be so awesome. The concept of getting back to a weight you were in high school or maintaining that weight isn't hard. 

Hell I've only gained 20 since high school (I'm 30) and that's only cause I'm a human incubator. 

It's called not being lazy.  &gt;But what is cause, what is effect?

Most probable answer would be socialist brotherhood as both of these countries lack foreign currency. North Korea probably more so then Cuba. &gt; proper incubation requires consistent and precise heat

Maybe that's exactly the reason why they had gone extinct and birds had not. Cramps in your calf are common with scuba diving.  They grab the end of their flipper with their knee bent  then straighten the  knee to get rid of that particular cramp. I would hope US/Cuba relations improve, considering its now touches New Orleans. Aussie minigun, strange festive sandvich, strange bread bite, unusual officers Ushanka, strange heavy lifter, and a Cuban bristle crisis is my dream set.  Check it out on loadout.tf to see if you like it! Glad to hear that!

Welcome to scuba diving then... keep it going and you'll thank yourself :) It will take a few weeks for the virus to incubate, if I did contract it. That's weeks of anxiety and wanting to kill myself.

I think if I end up getting some incurable disease I'll just end it. Buy a cheap 22 and blow a hole in my skeleton. The CIA doesn't really like the competition. 

He should have got a franchise and he'd probably still be in business selling Freedom Koolaid in Cuba


 Ok, so these are definitely not incubators right? What are these investment rounds you speak of? Do you think incubators are better, worse? US removed Cuba from terror list this week.  Wait, Jay is Cuban? 

Oh shit... I mean... who is that?  Well, he's American, born in Miami. But his folks are Cuban. Cubans already have mobile phones. I'd buy since scuba gear and just wear that  Also in the line of jokes, they've marked "Soviet b" on Cuba. I'm assuming that's "Soviet base", that's hilarious. You should go James Connolly on us and found the Cuban Socialist Federation of America. It's not leftist anymore because it failed, let's move on to cuba or some other hypocritical "role model leftist country" :)



&gt;Name: Eva Golinger

Oh por el amor de dios Thoughts on lasagna or the cuban missile crisis. Do you use any special lighting to help you see through the kicked up muck?

I'm learning to scuba this summer and the majority of my diving will be in low visible area 😕 I hope Beverley goes to a nightclub with Parsons and Cuban to sign the contract, and right before he puts the pen to paper he headbutts Parsons, eats the contract, and knees Cuban in the dick. We can figure this one out: 3000 mi from Port Angeles means OP is from Nova Scotia, Greenland, Kamchatka, Midway, Guatemala, Cuba, or The Bahamas.

http://imgur.com/5s5VSuK Gooding Will Hunting.  Cuba Jr. tries to find his parents' legal documents. The Spanish American War

The Cuban Missile Crisis

The surrender of President Pétain

 Evict 

HighPower

JumpShot

SchoolKids

Cuba

HighLife

Malevo

Switzerland USAID loves shit like this. 

How do they expect our nations to normalize relations when they're trying to infiltrate and radicalize musicians? Also, godamnit Cuba, stop arresting people for thought crimes! My Cuban boner just sprung.  Exactly. If anything they'll have miniature literature that is easy to smuggle. However, this is just what I heard from others who were witnesses in Cuba when Cuba banned them. Take it with a grain of salt. Russ Hanneman from Silicon Valley. He's supposed to be similar to Mark Cuban. Here's a good clip of him: [https://youtu.be/xzMUrB-Um1Y](https://youtu.be/xzMUrB-Um1Y)  LA ERECCIÓN CUBANO!!! He should bring Ariza with him. Ariza can flip Parsons on his head while Beverly goes all Westbrook on Cuban's knee.  The original Cuban exiles that came here in the early 60s are dying off. They no longer control the outcome of Florida in elections.  Older Cubans voted Republican / younger ones vote Dem.  It's not worth it anymore to our elected officials.  He requested a Cuban mojito instead of nice Italian wine or prosecco for his first drink, so I'd say he's a goner. They should remove his life support.

/nationalism Typical Cuban. Great stuff but rarely does he ever hit the catcher's mitt. Send that dude back to Cuba. Rodman wanted #69 with the Mavs, but the league said no:

http://articles.chicagotribune.com/2000-01-30/sports/0001300372_1_cuban-dennis-rodman-nba-owner

 yes f*** the Cuban people for not standing up against Castro

they let their fellow man be treated like complete shit and live in fear. and now we support Castro

 they're not going to get more people wanting to buy Cuban cigars, Cuban cigars were a big thing because they were illegal

once they go legal no one's really going to care anymore actually the Cubans are the scape Cuba are the ones that supported Cuba being on the terror list

to be clear the people who escaped from there were the ones that wanted this and we think they are wrong サウンドデバイスが複数あると、cubaseをつけたまま他のメディア再生ができて便利だ。 A vocal minority has expressed disappointment in American-Cuban relations improving because they believe it will ruin Cuba as a tourist destination. He's drawing comparisons between them and the assclowns in the article  scuba suit Could we use that to replace scuba stuff one day? Jebbie is afraid of all that Cuba terror.   Intereconomía, la 13, Televisión Española, Tele Madrid, Tele Cospedal. Esas  televisiones libres que han mostrado la corrupción. ¿Verdad Trotona? Un día voy a contar tus correrías  por Cuba, Trotona. Is there any evidence demonstrating Cuba as recently sponsoring terrorism?


This is a serious question. Quick research turned up nothing but I'm sure people here know better than I. First video Mark Cuban walks by and smiles at him, lol Let me guess: China (though that's debatable) and Cuba? It used to be cuban cigars &gt;You've got Al Pacino playing a Cuban immigrant in one of the most iconic movies ever - his performance is praised near-unanimously.


Cuban is not an ethnicity or a skin color. Cubans can be white, the Castro brothers for instance or Marco Rubio....
 If we can do business with Vietnam, we can do business with Cuba. A blatant pander for the Cuban expat vote. Don't do it Cuban! #WEEE WOOO WEEE WOOO CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS! #LET'S GET THE CUBAN MISSILE IN THERE AND WIN THIS. Cuban Roots. Great cuban jazz but occasionally a track from Abba or Simply Red. Spotify's mysterious algorithms. Yeah I mostly do school work and gaming with my PC. Still it's a bit of shame there's not so much (pro) music programs for windows. Atleast cubase and reaper are ok Kinda wanted to see a Cuban 1st base Boy Jeb really has a tin ear, did he not see the lacluster muted response to normalization of relations with Cuba by his own party and even within the expat community? Jeb is trying to take a stand on an issue that has been settled.  Hahaha, so I googled "Cuban music ringtone" and I got this:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqj0euB1YIk Every other single country in the world doesn't seem to be worried about Cuban Terror.  They export more doctors than anyone else, or damn close to it. Japanese Aucuba Yeah, that was such a terrible example. Anyone that looks at Pacino and thinks "there is no way that guy could be Cuban" has problems. The original Scarface was Italian, Al Capone. &gt; Japanese Aucuba

No, that's not it. https://www.google.ca/search?q=Japanese+Aucuba&amp;es_sm=91&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=UUVqVaL_EoekyQSt44CgBA&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAQ&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=577 My hair curly(1/4 cuban ftw) so I just let my shit air dry. I basicly got the haircut like dude from that pacman budlight ad. Can confirm. Am scuba diver. According to my dad in the early 1940s the Stepney/Hackney area used to be full of kids with no shoes wearing their parents' cut-down old clothes, and one of the streets there had the nickname "Incubator Alley" Damn my eyes. Don't have my glasses and I find myself staring at the screen like a 1962 CIA agent looking for Cuban missiles in fuzzy recon photos.  I feel like Cuba might work... still, the US is really the only place fallout belongs. He can't be a moron with the career he's had in Cuba. I think he's just trying too hard right now. He needs to slow it down and find his comfort zone. Jebya's brother has a hand holding love relationship with the largest sponsor of terrorism in the world, Saudi Arabia. If they aren't on the list there's no way, in good conscience Cuba should be on this list.. Sorry. I popped out due to the day long. Again, the incubation of the egg is possible. The U.S. was literally financing and training terror organizations all over Latin America when they put Cuba on the list. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Luis_Posada_Carriles In addition to what /u/Cuban_Thunder said, it could develop into diphthongs that might later change into something different, e.g. kʷa &gt; kwa &gt; ko:. These UCLA softball players slide better than our Cubans. This one might interest ya ---&gt; [The Cuban Brothers - So Sweet (Slumberjack Remix)] (https://soundcloud.com/slumberjack-music/the-cuban-brothers-so-sweet) Had a guy try to tell me once that if you cut the cap and toast both sides,  you'll get a better toast taste out of Dominicans than you do cubans.  I was always curious if the Elian Gonzales (the little boy from Cuba) ordeal was to take attention from something bigger. "That the proper way to light a cigar, according to an old Cuban guy I met, is to light the end, then put the burning end in your mouth and blow." - my buddy from high school...

Yea I'll just go about the wrong way then thanks.  Yeah, what's our count for installing brutal dictators now?  I would imagine it's a hair more than Cuba.  California sounds perfect. We can visit the ocean and go scuba diving. Cost of living is a little high, but we'll figure it out. We've got this as long as we've got each other!  If you say something good about communism in Cuba you are a state run sheep. 
If you say something bad about communism in Cuba you are a CIA infiltrated group paid by America. 
There really is no winning is there.  Yup. 

I lived in Miami for a year. Cubans ran the gamut from lily white gingers to black as night.  Well some Canadians have a vested interest in keeping things as they are in Cuba: http://www.ctvnews.ca/w5/w5-investigation-canadian-pedophiles-travel-abroad-for-child-sex-1.1197763 
 Fly to Bahamas or Mexico or Jamaica or some other carribean country
Re register your plane there, ductape the new registration
Fly into Cuba with no authorities noticing! ya, looks like he is sincere....  https://www.google.com/webhp?hl=en#hl=en&amp;q=bush+family+and+cuba Like during the Cuban missile crisis America lost their shit over Russian missiles being there. Quit being such a bunch of hypocrites .

 Try taking Underwater SCUBA Diving. It's great, and if you really enjoy it, you can get your license pretty easily afterwards.
 psn is Cubasaur, not too serious either but have thorn, hawkmoon, can bring whatever class you want too all of them are 33/34 Cell phones were finally legalized in Cuba a few years ago, but letting other people borrow your phone could be a problem. If your neighbour is an enemy of the people and was contacting Yanqui counterrevolutionaries, you could face death by shark.  Anything regarding Cuba and the relationship with the USA? "Start spreading the news, I'm longing to stray, I want to be a part of it: New York; Cubao." Im using FL studio right now, being the starter. But I HAVE used Cubase and it works very well if your into any kind of complex mixing. It also will create sounds with a pre-sub, so that's useful. FL works if you reeeally try psn is cubasaur if youre still looking Oh that's my bad, I was going to say "in the middle of the Amaranthine sea".
So...he'd need scuba gear.
The colouration is a reference to "Where's Waldo". 
 Cuba：http://imgur.com/jd9ONDk I'm also a wide foot (no scuba fins needed here!) I use a Mavic Ksyrium Elite. Might be a place to start. There was another during the Cuban missile crisis. Russian sub captain gave an order to fire but the torpedo man disobeyed.  I've had a couple. Had one minutes before I was to go scuba diving. Body locked up, hands, lips and face buzzing. It's not nice, nor is it something I've ever felt coming on, just happens. We just got back from that area and had a great experience with Chino from Scuba10 in Playa del Carmen diving cenotes. Can I get a link for that? Also why would they have a nuclear torpedo?? That seems pretty pointless considering they were transporting materials to build nuclear missiles and silos in Cuba It happened twice. Once during the Cuban missile crisis and once because an early detection system went off but the Russian commander ignored it.  You can't expect people to completely isolate themselves for the 3 weeks it takes for ebola to incubate (sometimes), it's just not particularly feasible.

It's also not particularly dangerous because you are not contagious until you start bleeding. Looks like a girl digging a nest hole. Find out the incubation time and post a picture of the coming out event. Great! Looks like I'll buy the audio interface and go from there. I am using Cubase and so far it's worked much better than FL Studio (nightmare).  Forreal! We should keep Tyson for cheap and focus on solving our point guard problem! FO gotta prioritize and Cuban won't be dumb enough to sign a max deal again  See if you can find a good Cuban restaurant. They have some amazing plantain dishes.  But this was the point that Melo could be that good with an owner like Cuban or a coach like Carlisle. Whether you actually think he could be that good is completely subjective.  Ooo there's one at Gateway Cubao, I think! Sounds like a great reason to keep them in Cuba. I would check out Cuba before the US/Cuba relations unfreeze and we build a bunch of Wal Marts I'd say seeing some notable, cool, landscapes and wildlife-heavy are musts! Hiking through jungles and canoeing through river areas seems pretty exciting. Scubaing as well and chilling on/near a beach is something the rents want too
 The recent Cuba news was a pretty good weapon of mass distraction against the CIA torture memos. Yeah, we can't criticize Cuba for shady arms deals because the US government has armed cartels in Mexico and militias all over the Middle East.  Scarcity =/= shortage. Scarcity just means that you have to give up something to get it. As another poster said in here, the only thing that isn't a scarce resource is air(unless you're a scuba diver).  You wouldn't happen to be a scuba diver would you? Finally moved in last night. Cubao is super init pala sa tanghali. To aircon or not to aircon? Haha also did I change my flair too soon? LOL If you are on Xbone and need a team mate for ToO let me know. I havent tried it yet because none of my friends play crucible. Gt: S0meCubanGuy My k/d hovers between 1.5 and 1.7 on all my toons. Chandler, ask Cuban to give bev a 15 million per year offer sheet.  Is it the Cuban j? Cuz there's lots of English names that start with j. Wbich country has produced more terrorists since 9/11; the US or Cuba? Cuba doesn't extradite to the U.S. Right, the SC in Hamden basically ruled "your 'but Guantanamo is in Cuba' argument isn't fooling anyone." In Houston..send scuba gear.  For now. 

http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/storyline/wp/2014/12/20/cuba-still-harbors-one-of-americas-most-wanted-fugitives-what-happens-to-assata-shakur-now/ what if Cuban signed DJ for the max and Tyson for the low in a 6th man role? I read that it became trendy after the USSR established diplomatic ties with Cuba. 

Edit: and then I read the top reply and saw I was too late. I was just excited to know the answer. I've met multiple Dominicans that consider themselves to be black. Cubans too. How are they gonna think that when they are, and consider themselves to be, black? Castro came to power by overthrowing Batista's government.  This is a case of citizens overthrowing the government threw an armed revolution.  You'd think you'd be against the Second Amendment given how shitty it turned out for Cuba...    sure.. 

http://www.latinamericanstudies.org/cuba/health-myth.htm Yet I'm sure he has no problem with the US/China relationship. The problem is, Cuba isn't profitable. I don't mind Makati but it's closer to the South side more. Somewhere between Cubao and Makati would be meeting half-way. Hair suggests female, but I don't have a lot more to go on. No one could find those genitalia, even a whole spelunking team outfitted with SCUBA gear Kung nagtitipid, tiis tiis na lang muna at malapit na ang rainy season.  Bahain nga lang sa ibang lugar sa cubao. I know it's a bleak outlook, but I just hope Cuban and Carlisle can gracefully transition into the post Dirk era. It sucks to even say that :( I would say Mares Volo. I have some actual freediving fins, and use split finds for SCUBA, but take the Mares traveling for convenience.

A pretty good compromise.  Russia was / is an ally of NK or at least liked by NK. Maybe Cuba and Iran as well... Off Scubaboard's Classifieds. I cannot afford new camera gear, well, I would rather buy something used and spend the money on more dives.  There's kind of a good radiolab episode called Los Frikis that goes into purposefully getting HIV. It's not fetish-based but an interesting political/cultural period in Cuba. 

http://www.radiolab.org/story/los-frikis/ Another one: I had a clerk in a cigar shop try to tell me red dot Dominican Cohibas were just Cuban Cohibas rolled in DR to get around the embargo and that if I smoked my Siglo III and a red dot, I wouldn't be able to tell the difference. I got to learn how to scuba dive which gave a new perspective on this blue mote we live on. It may come down to $$$ though. I don't want that smug bastard Mark Cuban to sign DJ any more than the next guy, but realistically it could happen. plus you generally want to avoid combining that with the rope. 

On burns there's a swedish cream I like to use, its called Decubal and it's excellent. Was introduced one Shibaricon by a lovely swedish rigger friend and have been hooked ever since.  &gt;Nobody else plays baseball

Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Cuba, Venezuela, Dominican Republic, Panama, Nicaragua, Colombia....
 Planning on living somewhere in Quezon City(i.e. Maginhawa, Kamias, Cubao area). It is a separate data input. Hispanic or Latino refers to a person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican, South or Central American, or other Spanish culture or origin regardless of race. No, that was the Gulf of Tonkin, the Bay of Pigs was one of the better known attempts by the US to overthrow the Castro regime in Cuba. well...if any one wants to go out with a bang...i can sell you some cuban cigars ;)

note: smoking is bad for your health. Aren't clones incubated inside their mothers? I thought that was common practice in sheep cloning etc... [russian spy ship of US coast](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2613588/Russian-spy-ship-spotted-Cuba-February-eavesdropping-East-Coast-Gulf-Mexico-month.html). So I guess there's your answer Except that the US withdrew at the 11th hour, leaving hundreds of Cuban exiles to get slaughtered or imprisoned by Fidel's regime It is most worrying news that Hispaniola has descended into chaos. We urge our Caribbean brothers to look for peace and not war. Cuba will send ships to Haiti to rescue refugees of the incoming conflict. I have a bird shaped scar on my right ankle. It's more like a a bird that you drew as a kid. Those little M's. Anyway I was born prematurely and they put me in an incubator. And that's how I got it.  1. Spooks

2. NASA 

3. The Robot vs Heroin Battle of Vietnam

4. Carl Barker

5. Lemon Meringue Tie

6. Awkward

7. Uneasy Hearts

8. Blue Dream

9. The Strawberry Swisher Pt. 2

10. Surprise! I'm from Cuba...

11. Variation

12. Skyhook She looks like she has been incubating that food baby a little too long. Why go to Cuba if you dread it?

Telling her you are not going, and why, would likely be a small step in either waking her up or winding it up. SCUBA. Writing all the teaching and training material for instructors around the world and updating it often as new research comes out.  Hah,my niece looks like a clone of me and my brother (which is kinda freaky), and looks *nothing* like her mom. Her personality is also a mixture of us. It's almost like my sis-in-law was just an incubator that gave her no DNA whatsoever.. [Something called Decubal](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/37wmup/i_teach_rope_bondage_ama/crqodz0) Going snorkeling and/or scubadiving will give you reason enough. &gt;OK, so the B1 routinely flying a mile from Russian airspace would be the same as it being on the ground at a base to you? You see no difference?

If we had them placed, say in Cuba - then it would be the same.  Mewtwo was a clone that was incubated into Mew.. Some of the best baseball players in the world are from Japan, South Korea and Cuba. Not to mention something like 30% of all MLB players are from the Dominican Republic Like the US *or* Cuba has any interest in fútbol/soccer. Make it baseball and you will have erry ones attention. I think KFC is only eaten by Cubans on thanksgiving, I'm not American. Spanish in Cuba before Britain. But you do realise you just said concentration camps are of worth? Scuba diver here, still petrified of the deep.... Well Guettas one was an experiment as he played 80's Chicago house in his set, and while Bashmore and Hannah Wants have had chart success guys like Four Tet, Tale Of Us, Scuba and Joris Voorn make quite inaccessible underground music.  when i was at gitmo in the early 90's we actually lived in morgue units. they were so cold. awesome air conditioner units. prime beef squadrons or sea bees units, they kept us comfortable. sure beat living in a tent in the humid heat of cuba. Exactly. As a lab manager myself, just seeing the number of T75 flasks she had going in her incubator made me shudder. "Waddya mean I share a continent with those dirty Mexicans, commie Cubans and stupid Frenchies? I thought we deported foreigners!" Cubase actually has ok restoration too. http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argumento_ad_hominem

Yo no soy un Neocon capitalista yanqui. Soy un progre comunista cubano y defiendo los trasngénicos ya que en Cuba se cultivan transgénicos. 

Saludos
 Not sure what you mean by type, but they're all Tech incubators.

I'll start looking at the connections they've got! :) I appreciate the work you're putting into this comment, Outside US waters near Cuba = US coast? Cuba. Cuba is only 90 miles away from US mainland Scuba gragas is legacy, and its a pretty cool aqua themed skin. Skins are just personal preference but you can't really complain because it is a 'mystery'  I'd like to smoke one of the actual H uppmans that jfk hoarded on the eve of the creation of the cuban embargo while sitting in a cafe in Cuba on the day the embargo is lifted. Yes, and there is a highly aggressive strain in Cuba that we don't have here. Now that the US is opening that relationship back up I expect it will be here quickly. But always AFTER he went scuba diving.  Never before.  It was his way of relaxing. Montréal here. Winter was bad but not as bad as Winnipeg but yesterday was 33C and as humid as the south like Cuba and this morning was 5C. Canada is cray cray lol Raekwon-Only Built 4 Cuban Linx

The Mars Volta-De-Loused in the Comatorium

 Somewhere in Cuba, smoking whatever Fidel Castro and Ernesto Guevara has in their stash of cigars. I've always wanted to scuba dive through NYC. Cuba an adversary?  Last I heard the missiles went back to Russia.  I bet Jeb is the first to smoke a fine cigar. &gt; weird

I thought the international version of "he was looking weird at me!" were Soviet nukes in Cuba. In the UK it's cuban stock mainly in the shops. Go get a h. Upmann half corona or petit corona whatever available. That's a good start my friend. 1839 - /r/scuba I suggest you look at what Cuba sends.  No, only one part of Romeo y Juliet is Cuban, the other Dominican, which is the one that 99% of people will be smoking in the U.S. Cubans will become very expensive for the US b/c the tax on them is going to be really high.

 I think you'll see a high demand the 1st few years for the novelty of it then it'll even out tbh.  No problem!

Around here we have some general incubators, health focused incubators, student founders, and some EdTech ones. So it's about finding out which one is the best fit for your app. Are you talking about scuba divers? They have snorkels so that they can skim the water (maybe looking for an interesting place to dive down deeper) without using the air in their tank. I scuba dive for fun and just got into skydiving. I love both hobbies so I budget around $400 a month to support the habits. I'm also working to the point where I can pack rigs and lead dives so I can offset the costs a little bit.  scuba diving if you can handle the costs with aircon, rainy season is near nman na hihi

may suggest ako sa flair; nasa ibabaw ng cubao lol  Because "terrorism" doesn't have a worldwide standard. See the US deciding Cuba isn't a terrorist state this year, even though no one really believed Cuba was a terrorism threat for decades. Sure and Saddam Husseyn threw babies out of incubators and had his whole country stuffed with WMD.. Maybe you should not put so much trust in your television jon snow  Yes, it was during the cuban raising against Spanish colonialism. After the mysterious explosion of the Maine the USA decided to enter the war and help cubans. ... and adds Cuba onto the list of target states of Imperialism. Cuba?  .....lo que se plante en cuba mal, esta mal. Como soy de la tierra,no quiere que se me contamine mi tierra. No te digo que lo seas,sino lo que defiendes es lo mismo que loos Neocon...
... I met two separate people from Cuba who did exactly this, it confused the hell out of me  Ideally you want it filtered, so as to remove bits of broken bee legs, torn wings, bristles of hair, pieces of wax, dead mites, and unincubated bee eggs.  Watching college Rugby on NBCSN and out of nowhere they start interviewing Mark Cuban.  Apparently he played Rugby at Indiana. Now take a pic of her with a Cuban cigar to celebrate for the other half of her heritage! While doing field work in remote locations with limited access to bathrooms. My supervisor actually peed off the back of the boat, hah! 

And during my scuba certification. Trying to get the wetsuit on while you're having cramps. Ugh.  Probably the [worm in my foot](http://imgur.com/zePpCtf) after a trip to cuba. 

If anyone is wondering why that post is linked to a different account, it's because I posted that and then forgot the password /u/superalbertn7

/u/Arpeggias

/u/theoddcuban guitar pro 5. i use cubase 5 sometimes but the mastering always feels like shit. 

THANKS! Give the Cuban people the freedom to make their own decisions in life, and of the Cuban way is desirable then you won't need to keep them captive on the island. Wait til it fills, put on your scuba gear and swim up the shaft.  Spoiler alert though, the safe is rigged with explosives and empty.   [adding this to my list of tasty dishes to eventually try...]

Someone else also recommended a Cuban delicacy with triple-fried meats used in a special sandwich - I'll have to dig thru my PMs to find that again. that's fine if it's scary for you but not at all for me. 

"you wanna know more about scubasteve? he reads fantasy and stephen KING"

just doesn't really affect me Happy OKc story from me:

Coming up on one year with my woman, so I've organised a two week trip to Cuba for us.

Hope you're all doing great!  I guy I knew died when some water got into his lungs while scuba diving.  [Cuban exports](http://i.imgur.com/ENdZaAL.png). Tobacco, Sugar, and nuclear missiles. 34 hunter
xxcubanxbloodxx They're going to Cuba. The US should never have gone in in the first place. The wanton violation of Cuban sovereignty is the real scandal.  Remember the guy who scuba'd through the tsunami and debris to get to his wife and saved her? That brought a tear to my eye. Nope someone already guessed it, Cuba:D I'm pretty sure you can learn how to SCUBA dive in less than a month, so what has he been doing all along? Ah yes, Cuban J... Who said planned economies can't work? Cuba has a pretty decent planned economy considering their material conditions. Cuba's double currency system is awful. It really is. let's see some cuban lights! LEAVE /U/CUBANSUGAR ALONE

Can't you see those are *craft pixels*? In the case of Cubans the UK importer Hunter &amp; Frankau have an insane markup vs other countries it seems.

http://www.theguardian.com/business/2006/jan/16/cuba.smoking

 Put a virus into the potatoes. Incubate said potatoes. Let the virus grow. Go to your local HEB or walmart and swap out all potatoes. Note: this takes great skill. Now you have the potato-ocolypse Normal SCUBA tanks weigh around 30 pounds empty. If you were to reinforce them you could easily double/triple the weight. They call me Cuban Pete 2 stolen bases for Alexei! Look at the Cuban Rickey Henderson up in here! Freedom for the bourgeoisie to spread a propagandic capitalist message ? Yes Cuba is lacking this "freedom." Shout out to /u/cubanimal for shouting out /u/meyer_33_09 for being super cool in Nats GDTs. NWA was going to be in it as Ice Cube's posse. They turned it down because of beef with Cube. Cube and Cuba were always the stars, they weren't going to get fucking Dr Dre or Eazy-E to be the main character, that would have been terrible Non cubans aren't so expensive and pipe tobacco is more reasonable (tax on pipe tobacco is about half what it is on cigars). But for the most part there are relatively few tobacconists, most that are in the UK are really targetting the very wealthy. Any SCUBA divers here? The dive shop smell of neoprene never gets old. Also my girlfriends hair smells fabulous! Korean / Cuban fusion.  It sounds delicious.  on Twitter you can search through a persons tweets by entering

*search term* from:@pacfromcuba

in the search bar This reminds me of these giants rodents that live in Cuba called Hutias. [They love beer.](http://i.imgur.com/L7fQl0W.png)

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desmarest%27s_hutia Vasili Arkhipov stopped the launch of a nuclear torpedo during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Had he not stopped the authorization of the torpedo, World War III may have occurred. Well platelets are kept in an incubator that shakes them gently rather than a fridge That's a bit exaggerated given that both are fins in the end, and also given the huge variety of scuba and freediving fins. I scuba dive with people who primarily go freediving or spearfishing a lot and to them it makes hardly a difference at all.
 &gt; it can't possibly be criticized by bringing up Cuba, North Korea, and the Soviet Union.

Don't forget that [National Socialism](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nazism) that the Germans had such great success with! ....

I'm just going to take my self contained scuba breathing apparatus with me, underwater.

Pbthththth..... 6 years older than Cuba... If you read it he's just looking for something. Presumably any of her belongings or jewelry would be enough...

I'm just confused by "learning to scuba dive" as if it takes so long... I got my scuba license in a week Its a pretty well sourced article.. i imagine that since you don't agree with their politics, you will now impugn their reporting.. 

Tell me again how Huff Po paints Cuba as utopia..  Prohibition and the revolution in Cuba. run cuban lights... run!! That Cuban speed The Cuban Bolt! Its a nice story, but it's not like its that hard to learn to Scuba Dive. Yeah, but Fukuda was begging to be made fun of when he recycled Rau Le Creuset's evil plan for Mr Rau Le Incubator Tatsuya Fetus-Kun Sama Kun Sama over there.

And let's not get started on Episode 22.

 Yes, a CIA backed attack carried out by Cubans against Cuba.

The United States and Cuba have never faced each other in combat. That is a fact. Brigade 2506 consisted solely of Cuban Exiles.  Taken by /u/cubanpete26 o/

rip Amauras There is a fine line between a slow cooker and an incubator.  Using a delayed start brings things closer to the latter! Thank you! 

I can't lie, deciding to go to Cuba rather than Mauritius or the Dominican Republic had a lot to do with the impending flood of Starbucks and Toyota Prius's the political changes there are likely to bring. I remember seeing a comic where Israel turned Cuba into a cube, therefore making it live up to the name of ***Cube-ah***

Unfortunately it was removed :( &gt;Essa hipocrisia é chata. O porto de cuba era a coisa mais imoral do mundo antes, mas depois que os EUA resolveram refazer as relações com Cuba, agora é tudo lindo..

Tudo lindo???????? This is pathetic. Grieve all you want, but when that grief turns into a delusion, it's crossing a line. Learn to scuba dive to explore the ocean -- not find your wife's remains, which you will never be able to identify anyway. Squid grips for me. Light weight, non messy adhesive, moisture wicking, and only cover the handles. Its like a scuba suit for your controller. Feels weird using my stock controller now. Well I don't have any other parts for it.  Not even the scuba gear.  So I don't know if that's still worth it to you. 