They're landmines that explode with retarded faggotry. 

 Do it faggot Nigger faggot I hate getting matched maked to someone in America. I would for once like to be matched maked with someone in Australia. Not an Americian faggot.


TL;DR: This is a once of troll. Pls no harm. But seriously. Fix match making. So he is a faggot? NeoFag the board for salty as fuck permbanned gaffers and Xbox faggots who have a persecution complex. No man its over. You can't sell here. You will probably sell locally and than we can find you on the news and appreciate a faggot like you going to jail. Cya bud. Yeah but you are a 10s and those are more like red pussy faggots. Mdr faggots j'ai choisis ici évidemment, marre de la bien-pensance. À la base Internet c'est le cynisme et le second degré, pas des baltringues hipsters like #JeSuisCharlie&lt;3 No, it's exactly the reaction I expected, pretty obvious. Your lard faggot ass can't see that. /u/panzersmanzer made a horribly unfunny chip post and then deleted it like an embarrassed bitch. Gotta love how sensitive to criticism you faggots are. so

what you say

is this story

is

fake and gay

and op

is a faggot? You guys are all faggots. Back in my day we downvoted dep'rs  on sight. Opie wont write checks to obsessed faggots. This faggot sub disagrees. suck a dick faggot &gt;being this autistic

&gt;mistaking a faggot's mistake for chum

&gt;eating this much chum another opie faggot served. CHECK Some guy felt the need to call me an "SJW faggot" by PM because Canadians dont see "real"... well... *that word*

Good riddance to this asshole. Keep an eye out for any new/alt accounts in this sub I guess, what happened here was despicable.
 &gt;2015

&gt;reading non-faggot resolutions

Stupid faggot. 

&gt;faggot old version of android


Looks like Sense 5 to me so it'e probably KitKat I'd call him a faggot and continue skipping onto my destination Yes I'm familiar with that. Could it also have contributed to the current suicidal altruism and limp wristed leftist faggotry destroying western civilization? wrong sub faggot You don't have to feel guilty or be personally responsible for a horrible thing in order to acknowledge that it exists.

Translation for little retard babies: kind of like your mother feels about you you silly little faggot lol Exactly. SJWs are so concerned with not tripping over one of their thousand rules for speech, that by the time anything makes it out, it's usually incredibly watered down, or faggoty humor. And one that doesn't call people faggots. ITT: a bunch of faggots that assume this happened in America.  Tip your fedora at him too, you faggot  Suckmy dick u faggot ass bird nigga A lot of people use the word retard, the word faggot, the word nigger. Your argument is flawed Can't tell, cuz either way he's a faggot  Faggot won't post from his real account. CHECK In my experience the rust community is made up of homosexual males. My chat is always "faggot" this "homo" that. Someone I really respected referred to Elton John as a "faggot" and said he knew what he was doing was immoral. I was mentally still in at that point and was shocked.  Learn how to zoom faggot. Or make a fucking imgur album. Or just lay on your back and asked to get fucked. &gt;is faggot

&gt;does faggot things The chicken deleted the salty rant. Can you elaborate on what said faggot did write? OP is a faggot ^^^/s

I ded and mah cunfisin es I hav a skeltal fetesh preach that , i was in surge and it was so fun knocking u faggots :D #alwaysremeber best map n/a i don't portray that attitude in person or in messages i'm just a hideous beast of a faggot Faggot still won't post on his real account. CHECK Holy fucking shit.  What a faggot! Gay jokes aside, what's it like to be a faggot? lol faggot fuck off nobody gives a shit about your opinion. TL: DR everyone is a faggot Kill opie and Roland, bring back ant and get Colin to replace tits. Replace Roland with another faggot but one who isn't fat and doesn't talk on air  god I love this fat faggot OP also calls someone a "fucking jew" which was the giveaway that it was trolling.

stop taking a troll comment thread on a troll post in a troll subreddit seriously. and go syck a duck, faggot. Or don't be a faggot without boundaries. That's the cunt tickler. Also you're a faggot. Quit producing quality content. Your a faggot and nobody likes you.  a2a missies are now better than AB tanks for everything outside of a2g AI work. Especially in big fights, locks will trump noseguns in all situations. Don Alfaggot. keep playing BRs.. we love easy faggot kills "you only won because you're better than me faggot"

-an actual person on Anther's So basically what you are telling me is that you are a faggot?
 Suburban sprawl, faggot.  fuck those cops that feel they can do this. this happened to me when I was hemmed up on Pennsylvania ave. they drive like lunatics and hit turns hard as fuck.

Faggots. I don't know what the fuck is going on in this post, shitty format, and I don't really care. Faggotry of the highest anal fisting.  &gt;"hey guys I have a boring story"

Nobody gives a fuck

&gt;"I'm also a girl"

Maybe some pathetic faggots give a fuck? There was enough of a fuck given by OP to post it here, which speaks to his character. No wonder this autist faggot makes no gainz. upload to imgur, faggot &gt;##Cross-posted with permission from the blog “Radical Faggot”

That quote  was supposed to be in the title of this post (between the parenthesis) but I screwed it up somehow. Only a faggot would be defeated by a beak This image appears to be OC, sadly I don't know anything about Hieroglyphics to call him out on his faggotry.
 We're actually 13 years old you retard faggot &gt; answer my strawman or you're dumb!


I don't need your approval faggot. Fuck off It's late, I saw skull fucking faggots in your comment. Maybe stop being such a fat fuck.

edit: this guy is being a complete faggot, following me around and downvoting everything I post. Have you tried not being a lil faggot who aint shit? This was posted literally a couple of days ago dude. You're a reposting faggot.  Most if not all other 'moba' player would be jealous of the features our game client offers, but that does not mean we ARTS (or ASSFAGGOTS, whatever you prefer) players cannot improve. Keep in mind that this is only April. The niggers will be more active and prone to chimpouts in the summer. Let's all hope that 2015 will be The Year of Chimpout, filled with red-pilling nigger-lovers, liberal faggots and SJW's. You fucking identity theiving faggot fuck. Go to hell twat.  Faggot Great title faggot Shit post. Faggot. Ah okay, cool

Did it take long for you to find them, and where? What I've heard so far are breathers, kids (FuckYouBitch420BlazeItFaggot), chips-eaters, Newb-callers and unaware-of-kinect Not sure why I have you tagged as 'poweruser faggot'

oh well Edgy username.  Faggot. We're literally not doing anything wrong. Eat my smoke rings faggot. downvoting faggot  and never said "id fuck you up irl" just simply stated youre a faggot keyboard warrior and gave you my address and you think youre hard playin a kids game talkin shit lol LOOOOOOOOSER i know EXACTLY WHO YOU ARE Not exactly. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faggot_%28slang%29 Non-mobile: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faggot_%28slang%29

^That's ^why ^I'm ^here, ^I ^don't ^judge ^you. ^PM ^/u/xl0 ^if ^I'm ^causing ^any ^trouble. [^WUT?](https://github.com/xl0/LittleHelperRobot/wiki/What's-this-all-about%3F) Kinda disturbing really. Like it's usually heartening when I see a level headed, informed, helpful post... But then I discover it was written by STABBINGFAGGOTS69 and have to pause and rethink my community choices.  Assuming you are Armenian, you put my Armenian father and his whole nation to shame beta faggot. My Armenian half is literally disgusted

Edit: Much like how women find beta fucks like you disgusting!  Shut the fuck up you faggot Holy fucking repost you steaming shit cannon faggot That's fun too but honest to god I'll be sitting in public going "niggers, jews. Jews. Faggots, niggers." and then I realize what I've just been doing and look around in a panic to see if anyone heard. faggot  Signed it under the name "Penis McFaggot". :D I'm honoured by Mr. McFaggot's contribution.  considering its already now stated that it was actually a protester throwing a tear gas canister that started the fire maybe you should stop being a retarded faggot  Soooooo.... what? OP is a faggot? LEARN TO GREENTEXT FAGGOT It's for little girls, it's not a good show because some faggots say so and fuck stuffed animals.  or smelting iron to forge faggotty ear-rings Youre such a faggot Fuck off with your faggot ass trigger warnings Good catch, faggot You knew you weren't gonna be hated on you little faggot. faggot.
 Why do you think the word "faggot" is funny then? Yes. It is. Again: why is the word "faggot" funny to you? Are you faggots retarded? It was shopped on purpose. Jewbucks wanted to write liberal bullshit and this was shopped to show what should really be on there. Everything just went over your heads. You're just as stupid as niggers. Cumfaggots is also acceptable OP is the same faggot obsessed with benjamin72 lol &gt;They stopped calling people faggots afterwards, so at least it worked.

You dudes are great! You're the faggot obsessed with what everyone else is doing on this sub. You post like you have never even listened to O&amp;A. You, faggot what a faggot bonjour, faggot &gt;Mazda 3

get fucked, faggot The colorblind faggots are all gonna fry,

It bit me in the ass tonight, now I'm gonna die! Fuck you faggots that shit was hilarious. The word faggot has evolved and no longer has anything to do with being gay to most people. 

Also, I'm atheist and one of my best friends is gay. 

One last thing: *beliefs i used to buy compendium for my brother but due to non gift-able compendium he had to reluctantly give me his steam password, bought a compendium on his account, messaged all his friends that he is a faggot, 10/10 will do it again. die in cancer u faggot Is this a case of 'OP faggotry'? No one kkkares, faggot.

Go blow your POZ load somewhere else. &gt; Galactus: Wha- how are you still alive?
  
&gt;&gt;Rogasite:... because, you're a faggot.  

12/10 &gt;Corrode it

It's a fucking stick, retardfaggot. Yep, toei are faggots who don't worry about making people happy, since they make more money this way they will just keep doing it.  ASSFAGGOTS best definition kappa tell your dad he's a faggot. and so are you OP Fuck off faggot, it was a good story Niggerfaggots.   Not banned.  This sub is a keeper. Faggot. Except for faggots. That counts. Right?  You can respect deez nuts, faggot. Faggot. Ikr op is a faggot with no gf OTHER PEOPLE CAN FORGET TOO FAGGOT op is a faggot

http://i.imgur.com/LJoU5Mb.png &gt;Puts the joke as the title

OP, you fucking faggot Can confirm; used to be a faggot.  Had a C5 (before I got into bikes) and thought it was the fastest thing on the road. You got it fuckface.  LOL.  That's how random works.

In any case.  Enjoy Maine you hick faggot. FChamp is short for FaggotChamp SJW? ooof. Would you prefer I just call ya'll stupid faggots? would that make you feel better?  I can tolerate even his liberal shit because when he says it it sounds funny. But aside from that I think he brings a lot of energy to his sets and cares to entertain his audience, unlike Faggot CK who just wants to entertain Jerry Seinfeld. Op is a faggot.  Reddit is full of whiney little faggots. You know that one kid everyone hated? Him and 100000 others like him are downvoting everyone for stupid things.  &gt; Good.

Wow you don't seem to be condescending at all. OP is not faggot - you are! Or opening a show by calling someone a faggot. Cumfaggots is also perfectly fine. i passionately hate the faggots who post image macros in facebook comments. Faggot. Is he that limp-wristed faggot who posts go pro videos of him getting into fights in front of bars? They're jobless faggots who wake up late and then run threads into the threads after everyone else has gone back to work or stepped outside to socialize. The two bros I used to work with who alternated listening to dubstep and making faggot jokes could not be reached for comment. When someone writes "Fuck you faggots bike riders. Go home!" on our rally signs then I think that qualifies. Space is infinite, just like OPs faggotry.  That's kool

fight me in mk faggot Better get back to fucking your step sister.  
Faggot. The way you put a question mark makes it seem like you are not sure if we will accept that answer. Like you are on family feud. "Show me 'I never said it was my own' XXX oh! Sorry OP that ones not on the board you are indeed a faggot"  [MFW people talk about school struggles](http://new1.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/Hahahaha+faggot+_40ee837a1c5c4c889bed4a3e9209b294.gif) When the fuck do you faggots move on? HILARIOUS.  FAGGOT.

 Deleted his posts what a faggot Lurk moar, faggot.

You just neglected thousands years of history, and a complex political and humane background. I'll call you a fucking faggot. I make a hell of a lot more money than you do.

And its Mexico by the way, not California.

SuperFaggot.

  Kill yourself faggotron. He's going you little faggots. Check his twitter. Nope you just found another faggot dumbass. &gt; Galactus: Wha- how are you still alive?
&gt; Rogasite then floats towards Galactus' face
&gt; Rogasite:... because, you're a faggot

God thought I was reading the transcript for the most recent Bleach for a second there.  You're the biggest fucking faggot of May 1st 2015 congratulations!!!! Fuck you faggot. So let me get this straight. You went out of your way, to find something you don't like, so you can call the dude who made it a faggot? I guess there are things out much less mature than liking "children's cartoons" lol What a bunch of faggots. fuck you buddy! lame attempt to troll me.i will keep posting my thoughts here and elsewhere,faggot! It's the same, shark poses no threat and the dick decided to swing it round. Faggot Americans down voting me  Are you joking? Fraction's run of Hawkeye is one of the best stories I've read. Get rekt faggot. I guess if he did see the fashion atrocities that might change his thoughts on this matter.. So in dark souls, much like in highschool/real life, You must dress to impress.

Sorry op, stop being a faggot and be fabulous instead. Get gud, casul. y&lt;ea. And faggot is a word for gay because they used to burn gays in the middle ages. 

Seriously, TIL is turning into "best of buzzfeed" pretty quickly.  Its May 2nd faggot. April 2015 is gone forever so kiss my right nut and make the left one jealous. Would you just take a look at the shit eating smirk on that faggot...Jesus.  HE SAID [**MFW** PEOPLE TALK ABOUT SCHOOL STRUGGLES](http://new1.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/Hahahaha+faggot+_40ee837a1c5c4c889bed4a3e9209b294.gif) You're completely wrong. I oversimplified the situation to strengthen my point. I had issues with Opie years before the firing on Anthony, but afterwards it became more obvious because he wasn't able to hide behind Anthony. You're a fucking faggot. shut up faggot #HE SAID [**MFW** PEOPLE TALK ABOUT SCHOOL STRUGGLES](http://new1.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/Hahahaha+faggot+_40ee837a1c5c4c889bed4a3e9209b294.gif) Faggot wanted link karma Taken on an iFaggot **[wow so verfiy]** /u/poodlepaws --&gt; lefaggotman 999999999 doge"s ;#^) I think cumfaggot is clung to because it was just such a crazy contrast from lovely and it is pretty funny. go listen to bbc radio faggot faggot no, but seriously, you're a faggot you keep doing research on new material, while I keep calling you a faggot.   just like your mom is suffering of major suckage from my dink, faggot What the fuck is wrong with you fucking shit sucking maggot fuck faggot  You're also just some anonymous asshat on the interet that I really don't give a fuck about.  LOLOLOL.

FAGGOT.

This is fucking hilarious by the way.  Eugenia thinks you're a faggot too!  

 Dear Fuccboi OP,  
Try sending them a message or email yourself. You only posted this public here to make another circlejerk/hate thread, faggot. but where does wearing stockings and carrying a pussyboy rapier to the rennaissance fair fit into not being a faggot? Get the fuck out faggot "Faggot" AND YOU DON'T LISTEN TO FAGGOTS, COCKSICKLES, YOU KILL THEM!

^^^Chaos ^^^was ^^^fucked. See that right there? All you do is insult in every reply. You call people "faggots" "fucking idiots" "morons". And then you talk shit about how the crack is all bullshit. Cmon dude, dont be a dick. No one likes people like you. We don't move.  Clearly you don't either since your faggot ass is still here. &gt; Good job, Johnny Pepperfaggotseed.

 No, unless you count that time some dudes called me a faggot as they drove by.  :( It's the pick I wanted. I was basically called a faggot for saying so months ago on this sub.  There sure is a lot of newfaggotry in this comment thread. Why is your name so fucking gay and at what point do you stop acting like emo faggots and realize you aren't tweens anymore Ahahahahahha faggot 1. Don't be a faggot
2. Don't not be a non fag &gt; You're a dumb nigger faggot

 &gt;&gt;&gt;/gaschamber/ you faggot. But he is a faggot. 

Just joshing ya. Looks real to me.  Then pronounce it right faggot 420 USERNAME #BLAZEITFAGGOT yeah dont be arrogant just keep watching cuckold porn and mainlining dorito paste you fat faggots. Faggotface McButtfuck - he was a squirrel a friend had Exactly. These white guilt faggots think niggers respect them until they get their heads cracked open and get dey sailfoam stolen. Well, there we go. A lulzy article from Buzzfeed. Something good finally came out of this bullshit.

Twitter clique faggotry is the most cancerous aspect of GG. I don't give a merry motherfuck how much I might agree with some of his campaign issues, no way in hell am I supporting a socialist faggot gun control nut. How is Barnes's response homophobic? He didn't say "suck a dick, faggot". How Come Faceit Pro League has Good players While Your league is Full of FAggots? tbh they are both doing a matured impression of that faggot Sheldon from Big Bang. Goddamn I hate that show.  You said I talked exclusively about Opie which isn't the case. Learn to read you faggot. [wow, downmommed, because](http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/op-is-a-faggot.jpg) It's not even almost exclusively. So trying to cover your ass with semantics just makes you look even stupider faggot because even with your vague terms you are still way off. I'm sorry, but this is just malicious, this is just gay faggotry. 

Edit: THANKS 4 THE GOLD HENNY LHARKINS OMG I'll never say another bad word about Scots or Scottish culture, I swear. &gt;So to me, if you're trying to be funny, it's not very effective if you're having a negative effect on people (and as I've explained, it's more than just being offended).

OK, BRB, banning all humor.

Faggot. Uhm, ?  how so? What i see is some fans disagreeing and some fans not caring and thinking its funny. Only faggots like you take shit like this too seriously. Get a life... wow you're a faggot. upvote so your faggotry is visible to more people. This post made me unsub. Too many faggots in this sub apparently.  Yeah repeating yourself because you were beat. Better luck next time faggot. Yeah and what is more sickening is he cheered on live TV after hearing about the skinhead who broke his nose got killed (shot by some faggot)  They deserve your response. Theyre being faggots KAMINA TAKES THAT IN THE ASSHOLE FAGGOT IPhone 6? What a faggot.  OP is major faggot- everyone at hebron what a pussy faggot hiding in the gas obviously someone who wanted to hide their real identity. youre still a major faggot \#AlsoSomeSemen 

\#WhinyFaggotLife 

\#JETSJetsJetsJets

\#TehMoarUKnow

\#VernTroyer chicken egg blah blah faggot fuck That entire issue was people getting pissed off because an article criticized using the word "faggot." explain to me how it is homophobic. It clearly states in invisible text that op is a faggot but no homo  faggot*

Thank me later. My favorite is Owen leading a "faggot" chant in WCW. Those were the days You see when they see an exchange like this one since they don't have a sense of humor they don't understand we're fuck with each other for fun.

You fucking faggot. karoke? what a faggot People put to much emphasis on Aryan being "blond w/ blue eyes" when that isn't true at all, also gtfo you fucking faggot  Heather is going to get a big ol' high five from Jesus!  

"You showed that faggots, Heather! Now enter into the joys of they Lord!" Amen!
 THAT'S THE BLOODHOUND GANG ALBUM COVER FAGGOT Every single one of you complaining about not getting laid is a fat fucking autistic faggot destined to die alone. 

Just go an hero and be done with it. 

If you can't "get" it by now you never will. Worthless pieces of shit you are. 

 ^That's ^because ^OP ^is ^a ^faggot, ^and ^didn't ^"find" ^this ^person ^anywhere You are the biggest faggot alive Do you kiss your boyfriend with that mouth, /u/Local_Faggot? thats my point though he looks big, and his character makes him seem like he's got a ton of muscle under that thin layer of fluff.  how would you make barret look strong?  He's a twig in a sea of faggots. What a whiny little faggot. Hell... OP's not a faggot today, make it $70 for some choco chip cookies too. Your arguments are sound and completely refute the points i've made. 

I may be 
&gt;the biggest faggot alive

But that doesn't change the fact that you are still a fat fuck.  You might be the most gigantic faggot I've ever been a witness to. Niggerfaggot Looks like the Faggot Lesbo from Monterey--the illegal alien born in OZ is posting now.

Remove it moderator....send her packing back to Prunedale Op Faggotry Confirmed: Dispensing 50 Pizzas to his location now calm down faggot, learn to let shit go yh faggot.

i love how you denied hacking even though you where so blatant with it, and always called other people out for hacks, little nerd bitch  Good morning faggot, and welcome to Black Mesa, a place in the middle of fucking nowhere, and everyone here is a fucking retard except me. this sub reddit is full of faggots 7 months ago on /r/WTF. Just because you've seen it doesn't mean everyone has. Calling out faggot. what is this faggotry? I ate a splashers mouse this morning, then he called me a no-life faggot, fucking noob, showed me his bank and said I was a sad fuck who'd never achieve anything. Stay golden, osrs What happened with that tweet? Did Maggle just want to call him a faggot? Yes it is you fucking faggot creep.
Even worse is he isnt even trying, he has a fucking mustache  this aint music you faggot, try listen to REAL MUSIK, like emenem and/or fifti sent "I'm bored, let's spend money."

Of course a lot of you niggers won't get that cause you're poor and a shit skin or most likely just poor. Enjoy Monday you faggots. Hahaha '94. That's my brother's age. I'd like to beat the shit out of you, how do you feel about that, OP? Fucking faggot. *kicks OP* &gt;We'll since everyone is being assholes I'm taking this post down have fun vamping in your parents basements faggots

Lol. Nuff said. Like Magz said, the only people that are worthy to be locked down upon, are the faggots that use the foliage removal as an advantage, don't make me hate you /u/RainHellsine because you and i (and the majority of the subreddit) are a dying specimen  \&gt;implying  

Surprised I didn't get a "check your privelege" response instead. Grow up, faggot. Did you see how bad the protests were against the equal rights ordinance? It barely passed, and barely escaped being repealed. I hear plenty of so called liberals in Houston casually throwing around words like faggot.  LOLILOLOLOLOLOL #pussy #lol  
Stop being a fukn bitch and learn to click on them better you pathetic faggot. You clearly just don't understand that the admins picked the key beforehand and you RETARD. They aren't bias you're just fucking stupid LOL &gt;graphics surpass anything we have now

not on fucking gamebryo, nice try faggot. I'll let you figure it out, faggot.  That, and all the badass shit we can do those other faggot animals can't. fuck you faggot get off reddit! Fuck you, you dog-loving faggot. I adapt to the times. &gt; Galactus: Wha- how are you still alive?

&gt;&gt; Rogasite then floats towards Galactus' face

&gt; Rogasite:... because, you're a faggot.

my sides do it faggot "Basically he is a fucking faggot that sucks at PvP but he knows basic redstone" did I call him a faggot? You also didn't say "basically, fucking, that, sucks, at, PvP, but, knows, basic, redstone." Why do you care that I said faggot!?!?!?! Let me translate that from faggot to english: Nothing. lol coming from the faggot that posted this thread in the first place

what got you into supreme bruh? yonkers or ian connor?

 Sure thing, cumfaggot. ill bet this sand-niggerfaggot smells like dirty feet No ones making fun of you. A cumfaggot is someone whose a fan of grumps. You should pull that stick out of your ass. Finn is such a faggot &gt; Fuck you faggots. Always recruiting.

That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.  some tablets have a severe reaction to stupid niggerfaggot owners Remember that time when there was a power outage or something and Opie said something retarded about his dead father communicating with him?  Ant's "I'm not a faggot!" message to his dad was perfect. Yea, you're a gay little cock sucker aren't you, fucking faggot. You fucking serious? Gonna call an 11 year old boy a Faggot? Get bent dude grow up. Well shit fuck that faggot then Look at the liberal , white faggot. Enjoy marching with your irrelevant Coons tonight, faggot.

Hahahaha Lol no I'm tried of this faggots posts that start with some shit like "BLACk person' etc, etc" 

Ban this fuck fuck boy &gt;"My drill sarge called me a faggot and I got triggered!"

I'm pretty sure that hasn't been a thing since Vietnam. I've heard of blanket parties, but you generally have to seriously fuck up to get that kind of treatment.  I love how you aspie permavirgins would relentlessly mock the biker if the OP was a relatable faggot like you. I hate groups like that. Wapanese faggots squeeing about bullshit. Meet a girl whose into drawing nude anime figures and instead of fucking her steals her notebook for jacking off.

OP EVEN FAGGOTS WOULD BE ASHAMED. The F-4 is a wonderful plane and anyone who says otherwise has a bad case of F-22 faggotry. :) Be grateful for your life and thankful that his family line will terminate, faggot. lol his name is "faggot" 1. Nah.
2. Slashed one of his tires or punched out the passenger-side mirror. Make sure there's a traffic jam ahead so he can't chase you.
3. One time, some bored teens buzzed by me in a Hyundai and called me a faggot as they passed. Do you still refer to a [bundle of wood sticks as a faggot?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faggot_%28unit%29) Language evolves. Generally the core argument. Zero percent of executes reoffend.

&gt; shows you don't have a response you fucking faggot
&gt; trying to have a controversial opinion

While posting in /r/Toronto... ironic or just ignorant and offensive?  "This 33 year old. ." ??? You're self-promoting. Faggot. &gt;Good job ~~buddy~~ faggot These neofaggots are killing me. Quick someone make a Shawn Kemp joke to lighten up the mood. Well, maybe you shouldn't be an unfunny faggot anymore. They were...*The Faggot Years* faggot Go to Detroit and get culturally enriched, faggot.  &gt;fuck off faggot, you're cancer

I agree with you but you can get your point across in different ways, man. Suck his dick more, faggot Faggot McNiggerCuck You'd think someone who chooses to stream on the internet would be able to take and even expect comments like "go kill yourself, faggot". All faggotry aside. Its hard to choose who will win between Manny's clean tactics vs. Floyd's... whatever his style is. Best of luck to the both of them Response: What's productive or the point of ending your stream because you got called a "whiny faggot"?  No, I refer to /u/dynawhey as a faggot. It's not even funny. Just some /b/ tier faggot shit. Faggot ass monsters He was still a faggot only a hopeless faggot who visits r9k.  Cool story faggot. Nothing like wasting your time posting on a sub you don't support. Keep making excuses for niggers.  Oohh, burn. Have fun losing some more money in your failed business. Go jerk yourself off with that left hand.

SJW, white, faggot, cuck  He doesn't eat his own cum. What a faggot. Mass faggotery in comments. I wonder what if Stalin asked something like "Should we allow Germans to exist as a nation?" or "We should exterminate 80% of Germans" /u/youareafaggot212 if you can wait it out, this will be coming soon 

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/playtonic/yooka-laylee-a-3d-platformer-rare-vival &gt; Sorry if we didn't quite get the age and **gender** right - we are still improving this feature

Good luck on ever getting this feature right enough for NeoFAGGOTS. it's sad and funny at the same time how delusional john is. like he honestly thinks he's hot shit now after he faked some rape threats and some GG faggots disagreed with him.  Are you saying he deserved death for that? Speak your mind faggot. People are faggots about it to each other. I don't care if you didn't like the ending or whatever. come online, you miserable faggot It's a pro Anthony subreddit faggot. Oh, you can't blame him, he's did it for the wife, obviously the "best" to him means what would be the most shocking/hilarious to her.  It's ironic, cheer up, OP may be a faggot but that doesn't mean you have to be! TYL :D Unless you're a conservative. Then your goal is to keep the faggots out? It's like a greatest hits of kike propaganda. 

BTW Matthew Shepard happened to be an HIV faggot in a meth deal that went bad.   What the fuck was he thinking!?! That dude has some huge, dumb balls.

*"Exscuthe me, you're really invading my perthonal spathe right now faggot."* laugh, faggot, or i'll punch your teeth in I liked oasis but he sounds like a dick.  You though sound like a faggot for trying to be witty with a bot comment.   Jimmy (and Bobby and Derosa, for that matter) has an open appreciation for trannies. Being called a faggot doesn't rank very high on his list of anxieties.  I want to downvote you for begging for upvotes, but that joke was funny.  Not sure what to do.

Faggot.  

^There ^^we ^^^go [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/pYzQr2m
)
 Im making fake accounts just so the promo codes get used up so those faggots cant get them Cool potato faggot &gt; You know what faggot? 

Was that really necessary? "This faggot it all up in my mouth." Ahahahahha. Freudian slip? it's bc you're a faggot kiddo Oh god! A "glom on". What do I do!? 



You ain't riding MY coattails! 



OP is a faggot!



Yea......yea, that'll keep the up - votes away from you.  "Faggots." Oh, okay now. Now I have proof the protesters goading police are uneducated. Wow i think little kids have actually gotten better online since I played xbox live. I remember back in Halo 2 days almost every little kid you ran into would just start shouting "jew this" and "faggot that" for the entire match.  Yup.  This short video lacks a lot of context.  I usually give protesters the benefit of the doubt but the "faggots" bit was enough to compel me to share it. You are not a smart person. People get banned here for using the word faggot  more like /r/faggot amirite? K i just got home from a night of drinking with faggots in boyz town and i just opened a bag of sour cream and onion chips. I LITerally just licked all of my fingers clean to type this: 

I will win this. Mark my words you non-binary whores! [Huge surprise, faggot uses wikipedia as a source.](http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showpost.php?p=162418135&amp;postcount=19) Fucking faggot mods Someone ask these fags what team drafted and cut Michael Sam last year. Faggots probably don't even remember who he is. It's what happens when you have no real talent other than being gay. Your just part of a media circus. Are you saying that Ant "went at" Opie and Jim and "pushed them ahead"? Or are you just pounding off so hard right now to Gavin Faggotbeard that you can't really think about anything else. Just go to a fucking bar you colossal faggot This was posted yesterday faggot Well enjoy this faggot of a game, I'd rather move on and do something more productive.  No. I never refer to gay people as faggot.  ur all faggots Obviously, you were banned for using mods but you cannot compare a bunch of faggots ruining the game for others to Rockstar making money off the lazy people who don't want to earn in-game money. pretty sure they must belong to that faggot there. pink dolphin is for faggots :(( the poor guy hes prob dead now the faggot I think that one misses the subtlety that 'faggot ass monsters' has though.  First this isn't /r/pussypass it's /r/pussypassdenied. Also if this had been a guy or an unattractive girl everyone would say they got what they deserved but it's some hot chick so of course the guy is a faggot for calling the cops. How you gonna support the niners when those faggots left the city but still claim the name... They are FUCKED.  I clicked this but then immediately clicked back, I don't need someone to tell me that shit was real. Have fun you 1,000 comment faggots debating something that doesn't need to be. I'm so sick of this faggot "chad" shit. I was like that when I was 14. I got the fuck over it. Faggot is mad at faggot? Interesting  Meth is Speed faggot  All that long winded faggotry and he didn't even answer the op's question.  becasue. i dunno. becasue... *breathes heavy*.. beacause.... BECAUSE YOU"RE A FAGGOT!!!!! HAHhHArofllfll *chuckels* :D faggot What a faggot. OKAY. JUST TO CLARIFY FAGGOTS, THIS ISN'T ME. SOME NIGGER FAG NIG FAG FAG TRIED STARTING SHIT. SO THIS IS WHAT HE GETS. CHEESY DICK CHEETOS.  thats bullshit =w= I've got silenced for chargebacking peppy and I got a multiaccount/abuse silence for it so stop giving the guy shit you pathenic faggot when you clearly dont know anything =w= because he does business with the rich people from those countries

the peasants from both countries are expendable

do you really think that if another world war happens, the rich faggots won't safely go to the bunkers before launching the nukes? He's making faggots the old fashioned way. Respect.  Nothing worse than a homeless nigger faggot who visits r9k in library's wifi &gt; You're rambling about bullshit that has nothing to do with the title of your post.

And you're offering nothing relevant by commenting.

&gt; You're a faggot

Were you touched by your pastor as a child? just mute those fucking faggots. Nope, but I understood that OP is a butthurt faggot. I guess faggots who waste their money on games *would* know that. What in the Wide World of Sports is a-goin' on here? I hired you people to get some track laid, not to jump around like a bunch of Kansas City faggots!  Two faggots in skype 

 aka Parker and Taavi 

  Wrestling... what a faggot. Group of faggots? This guy is a faggot. And people who give him money are dumb monkeys. &gt;10 felonies 
K, no he didn't

Maybe the world would be better if you shut your dick sucking mouth faggot Pork faggots haha "They did not care so why should we"
Maybe because we're not  supposed to be a bunch of fucking wolfcrying faggots? Faggot still won't post on his real account. CHECK Fuck off back to your basement faggot. Ur so cool and edgy for calling them niggers and chimps man.  Is it the new Faggot Ezreal skin? What a faggot. I would have at least thrown her a fuck first before I called 911 i don't want to believe that they're actually into what they say. I want to believe most of them try to be as inclusive as they can. In private they're probably like: "lol faggot nigger"... but hey, gotta keep that double moral facade It's so faggoted it can transmit hiv.  I'm not even going to joke. I hate Yu-gi-oh with a passion. 

My mates in college did nothing but play it yet I couldn't stomach up the courage to tell them what a bunch of faggots they were.  WHAT IS THIS LIZARD-DIO FAGGOTRY?! OG DIO IS BEST GUY! Well his criminal record was larger than the amount of sex partners the typical faggot has over their life time, so probably yes. Is that why his criminal record was larger than the amount of sex partners the typical faggot has over their life time?

He also had heroin in his system.

 He ran from a police officer, had heroin in his system and a larger criminal record than the amount of sex partners a typical faggot has over his lifetime. I agree. I don't use language like niggers/faggot and tbh I think it detracts from the actually very legit points being made here.

This sub should stand on the merits of its points, which are numerous. Just an opinion, don't hate. :) maybe 20 years ago faggot not anymore he's edgy because he said faggot This can't be any more truer. Thanks OP...faggot! Isn't grindr for gays? Wow so he's a faggot and he's fat. Either or would make me want to kill myself.  This is amazing. Does anyone else have more like this? Preferably focused around sissies and not "faggots"?

Thanks &lt;3 "That little faggot is a millionaire." Keep feeding these rampaging niggers. Faggot. lol this is so fucking hilarious.  I am a full asian and I hate those eurasian faggots.  They are the product of racist white dads and self hating yellow whores and they deserve what's coming to them.  I couldn't stop laughing seriously hahahahaha No not exactly just raped and abused. This place helped me realize it wasn't my fault. Niggers take kindness for weekness and become fucking savages. I'm not a racist I've just been culturally enriched, faggot. yeah, my phione is faggot :) no, say what you want, that's what 4chan is all about

faggot Are you still a 'vile little faggot'? Or did you grow up and mature?  I don't know, could be. I just stumbled upon this on my wall. Bet I wouldn't be called a faggot if I did it in some 'tavern traveller rogue' way, eh? well no shit, its /r/4chan, its pretty much expected that you'll get called a faggot.  So does Louis CK. 

"People from Phoenix are called Phoenicians."


"Stop being a faggot and keep sucking that dick." mf scrub lucky faggot
 Would be pulling the classic ["Pull up your pants, faggot"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dUejNFJYN2I) every time. I LOVE FAGGOTS Shill faggot. My cum does, faggot. Faggot:

Noun


A word used as a universal greeting, farewell, insult, term of endearment or used to describe the sexual preference of a homosexual. Still more action than any of you faggots are getting &gt;2015

&gt;being this much of a butthurt faggot.

Kek OP is the faggot of faggots for this. I caught a 3 month ban for this fucking post: http://www.neogaf.com/forum/showpost.php?p=162357910&amp;postcount=1045

Fuck this stupid site. I think I'm officially done. Bunch of fucking emotional faggots on there. "only thing broken about this game is pussies like me" lol thats the dumbest thing uve said yet. games dead do yourself a favor and get a life faggot I'll let you off with a warning this time. Just don't let me catch you being a faggot again. they got Hank Chien's DK score wrong. he actually got 1,110,100 points. the reason why i know this is because i'm a huge faggot and there is a DK machine sitting behind me right now repost and OP is a faggot if you aren't permed for that faggot comment, you wil be on their watch list, so you'd be permed next slip up.

if you do get back just link to this place with the usual evilore is a molester, gaf hides known pedos etc Yeh, I was an edgy faggot when I created the account &gt;thispostgavemecancer.jpg

&gt;not recognizing baneposting

&gt;being this mad

You have earned your third degree blackbelt in faggotry. Thanks faggot It's like calling God a faggot while in church. thanks for your poem, massiveniggerfaggot? &gt;Shill faggot

sounds like something a shill would say I love how these faggots act surprised as if blacks commit no crime in America. "The one screaming 'faggot' the loudest is the one deepest in the closet". 

It may not be true, but there's enough anecdotal evidence for it to *sound* true. And saying this gets people to shut up every time I say it. It's deliciously self correcting.  If your girlfriend goes on Tumblr I'm going to go ahead and assume you're some cuckold faggot.  /r/4chan has better ones faggot [niggerfaggot](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G2nTbqbtGug) 4chan me man.

they can be pretty mean , like call you a faggot

but you get a laugh everyday

i already gave up. i only ask reddit for stupid questions now. I am heterosexual and have been called a faggot more times than I can count and the majority of the time it is certainly not used in that way.  Sure it's used as a insult but it is definitely not used because of that. I fucked your mom's faggot No one cares what you eat faggot. You aren't American &amp; people are only interested in hearing about American things. It's a consequence of being the greatest country in the world.  &gt;we overfund black schools  
  
You are the epitome of a dumbfaggot retard.  Now, now, there's no reason to use that language.  

Sure they posted a series of images instead of linking directly to the article, but OP's not a *cunt.*  He's a *faggot.* Cops can't just kill people because of past offenses you dense faggot.  I don't know what your talking about, Picollo is clearly a Yoshi, faggot! Surprisingly, I couldn't find one. Guess no faggot SJW cuck thought of making one. Niggers can't do it on their own. The faggotmobile I know an atheist dude whos convinced bekng gay is a choice and says he "finds faggots annoying" so that is definetely true. kicked fucking faggot Faggot Any players who claymore spam and say "learn to block faggot" WHERE THE FUCK WERE YOU CSGOLOUNGE handicAPMINS WHEN THROWS WERE HAPPENING AND NO MATCH WAS CLOSED? MY LEGIT BET YOU CLOSED IT, FUCK YOU FAGGOTS. &gt;biggest faggot in history

I think they forgot about OP. don't worry bro, here, everyone is a faggot :) The day OP wasn't a faggot.

delivered/10 Who gives a shit? Just post the webm, faggot.  They'll act like it, 4chan = everything that isn't social acceptable. That's why they say, "old enough to bleed, old enough to breed." They're gonna call people faggots, blame the Jews, support lynching black people, and hate women.  lol 30+ y.o. beta faggots console wars thread lurk moar faggot UK plane called Nimrod. Always thought the US would get a laugh out of that one, faggots ;)

http://mrbrains.co.uk/products/ Pierre is a fucking faggot &gt;reposting something this /r/funny-tier

&gt;not even something from the *new* trailer

It's still kinda funny, but you're still kinda a faggot. Fucking faggot lol ur such fake what a faggot downvote because google play is proprietary...

upvote because you used the word 'faggot' Down voted only for using faggot derogatorily in 2015.  &gt; the point is moot.

God, I hate that guy. What a faggot. Didn't happen. OP is a faggot youre a corny faggot maybe? These are the same cunts who ride around with flags with Stalin's face on them and who proposed setting up an anti-Maidan movement with the slogan "death to faggots", right? Fuck these people. Arent all OPs faggots?  And you are the faggiest of them all. All bow to Lord Faggotron! One out of every two officers were black. For every black officer there were two white officers. Replace three for one and six for two and those statements still mean the same thing, and whether or not I am a faggot doesn't change that. To be honest, I don't know what else they expected - they ban people with those political views, this sub has a similar theme and does not. Where else should we go? I have to post denunciations of cuckoldry, faggotry and holocaustianity *somewhere*. At this point, faggotry is starting to become a prize for good OPs. &gt;I am a retarded serial killer fanboy and I wish I was one of Dahmer's victims so he could have his way with me.

Wow you are a faggot. Thanks that block of text was so much more effective than saying 3 out of 6.

Faggot. Thanks for just disagreeing and not calling me a faggot.  i dont go to the convenience store ... GASPS,.. but-but I JUST BOUGHT CHOCOLATE, THAT DIRTY PERVERTED FAGGOT HOW DARE HE NO HOMO WHERES MY $10,000 USD FAGGOT. Lovely faggots. Of course it is, don't be such a faggot. glimmer is getting nerfed real fucking soon

edit: ha what did i say you faggots. Updated Glimmer Cape to now have a manacost (130). Darth Faggot Some typically sophisticated and nuanced cultural commentary there from Portland's youth.  "Fucking........faggot!  Fuck y'all!"

These protestors are always so informed on the issues and filled with solutions. Dmitri: If I learn you ever once laid a finger on my mother's body, living or dead, I swear to God, I'll cut your throat! You hear me? 

M. Gustave: I thought I was supposed to be a fucking faggot. 

Dmitri: You are, but you're bisexual. You are forgetting yourself, it is the para-olympics you faggot. I'm not your doodbruh you edgy faggot.  faggot that was my own comment lol i smell a butthurt faggot. i hope you know this game revolves around the community. I fucking hate these two faggots on the NFL.com live feed. What silly cunts they are.... So.... OP is a faggot? http://www.reddit.com/r/englishonlyusa/comments/344ugo/the_faggot_rcringe_mods_banned_me_for_speaking/

Mods please ban this racist prick. [Oooooooh lovely faggots](https://youtu.be/vddVRXqG-U0?t=2m7s) Yeah those are way better than those other faggoty gats.  Stop posting about video games/video game websites, you stupid faggots. also oldfag, this nigger faggot is correct, after that /b/ became boxxy memes and white knight faggotry Who would? Some faggot maybe. /r/funny actually worse u just ripped this off imgur faggot Not sure if he called him a faggot or a No Jon. Check out his comment history. The word "faggot" makes a few appearances.   Fucking emotional faggots is an understatement. These are turbo triggered otherkin tranny slobbers. My review of OP:

faggot. Jim is a straight edge faggot because he got drunk for two days when he was 17 The way the faggots from this subreddit (not everyone, i've met lots of cool people in here) downvotted you reminds me why i stopped uploading things to reddit. FAGGOT!!!!!! I fucked ur mom!! now you feel at home. Get a life you fucking faggot I'm here for the faggoty OP fucking faggot fucking faggot fucking faggot I guess resisting arrest, dealing drugs, and walking around with weapons is considered nothing nowadays to the popular media and liberal white guilt faggots. bullshit you fucking faggot Benazir Bhutto was doing a pretty good job until those pussy faggots got her assassinated and bullshitted her cause of death to the masses. 

Fuckin' criminals I was defending myself from the faggot nutcase Finally, a thread that unites us all, bringing us all together, whatever our politics, to call the OP a massive faggot. Fuck off and die faggot! &gt; But I would have seen you not skinny ;)

most people would think im a fatass neckbearded faggot that has never seen a girl in his life, quite the opposite Of course they did.. More faggots on reddit than 4chan Post pics faggot. Why would the faggot need to read about doing things detrimental to families? The cunt is a con artist who hit his mother and ripped off the spergs at Neogaf.  The ratio of "OP is a faggot":"OP delievered" is in the ratio of &gt;100:1, you can't blame OP for posting this nor blaming people for downvoting you because there are too many OP who decides to be a faggot instead of delievering.  
Edit: a word. The only time I could ever see RMS using either an android phone or the word faggot, is if his ship just sank, and the only two things he had to save his life were: a faggot to hold on to for buoyancy, and an Xperia M4 Aqua to call the coast guard. Less furry faggotry. We had a nsfw post that was pinned that was pretty awesome. you couldn't afford my glass, or friendship. faggot Is it possible for people of the female verity to be a faggot?  No shit, you pesty little nerd, but it's good to have one. Faggot.  Thanks you little faggot Some nerd faggot deleted my post. Discussion can be continued here. https://www.reddit.com/r/MGTOW/comments/34oaa6/mgtow_is_largely_a_symptom_of_a_greater_problem/ so you think that bosses should have a right to call me a faggot or a tranny or fire me because of my gender or sexuality?

and yes, it is ALWAYS malicious when it is said by white people. dont do it. ever. It turns out the farmer is a too-many-raisins-growing faggot For being such a homophobe, this sure does a good job of painting you as a faggot: 

http://www.reddit.com/r/fairytail/comments/2bgqb9/mfw_listening_to_the_fairy_tail_soundtrack_makes/ To be fair, the kid that got pepper sprayed was not the asshole yelling faggot; that kid was just trying to throw a chair at the police. I love all the faggots raising their hands to the ref. Footy is a game for bratty cunts. It was still an illegal arrest faggot, you can't justify that.  The people who rioted were a very fucking small number of kids who took advantage of the situation. They protested for days before and after with no fucking problem. Those were just faggots who wanted free shit. if this was a "police state", then those SJW black lives matter faggots would be dead right after they started throwing shit Do you even Chris Kyle faggot? Stop it with this gay faggotry, sceptres. I won't take it anymore. add me i spam invoker. 30% winrate. i only lose because of my team which is always absolute shit. so hopefully you're not a shitstain motherfucker like the rest of them and can help me. Thanks faggot fuck me you're a faggot Heyo faggots, quit making fun of my sister-wives.  if you downvote a link request in boxingSTREAMS then you're a faggot. also internet points don't mean shit so stop wasting your time. quit being such a faggot You showed that faggot! bullshit faggot Blake Griffin is such a fucking faggot.  I didn't make the crop, faggot  Get fucked faggot Blake.  [This might help you to understand](https://www.google.com/search?q=rubber+fursuit+porn&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8#q=rubber+fursuit+porn&amp;tbm=vid)

WOw FagGots, I'm only trying to help! lick my cunt, faggot It's worse, if you can believe that. 

No-context example: "faggot-ass monsters."

I'm so sorry.  [I hope you faggots like this](http://i.imgur.com/b0LB5Ju.jpg?1) Get swatted faggot thanks, i was thinking about buying borderlands: the pre-sequel but that just made my mind up not to

the last thing i need when trying to escape from the BS of the world is more of somebody preaching their faggot shit at me Fuck you faggot
 we settled it, its just that we have faggots now spreading it Reporting threads and comments goes to mods of the subreddit, SJW faggots. Why would a faggot lick a cunt? Do you need another explanation of slang? OP are you illiterate or just a faggot?

&gt;What do the cops say?

ftfy update from the other side: earth is still a faggot from where I am standing Those faggot mask again... That's like a whole new level of beta. Quit being a faggot and suck his dick already. Holy shit. You are a legend. Today OP was not a faggot
 hes the embodiment of faggot edgy cucks who want to seem different  OP you pussyfaggot. Post the damned link. &gt; Whining on the internet

If anybody's a faggot it's you.

 Shut the fuck up, you faggot pussy piece of shit.  You want to bet the OP is faggot? You're a standup guy, /u/Faggot_Mother_Fucker  I confirmed my belief that you're a faggot with a shitpost like this. Just quit being a faggot and study you retard. You are literally throwing money away. Nah fuck that, just kill yourself. I HIRED YOU PEOPLE TO TRY TO GET A LITTLE TRACK LAID, NOT JUMP AROUND LIKE A BUNCH OF KANSAS CITY FAGGOTS! No, in case one of you faggots report it and ruin it for everybody.  Suck my **COCK**, faggot. This crop is rubbish. I bet you're pretending it isn't yours in order to hide your shame. &gt; 2015, thinks 30fps is acceptable

&gt; Not a faggot

Pick one White guy: You're a nigger, and I'm a white night faggot.

Nigger and his buddy: Ooga booga, I'm a nigger. Imma fuck yo bitch and fuck you too. 


Bunch of insults about their dick and fucking somebody you care about. Typical nigger shit. Lmao some stupid faggot heat flair did a matt barnes appreication thread on r/nba  And you see how the majority here don't want a dialogue. They're completely happy just downvoting you because they can't admit the truth to themselves. No matter how much you faggot bitch and moan, Freddie Gray was still a piece of shit human being. op is a [faggot](http://i.imgur.com/r42udSj.jpg) Paging Darth Faggot. You're wanted at Docking Bay SQ-19. Lord Gimp is waiting for you. Well, foreign faggot, what are they?! &gt;Faggot Well, since you admitted faggotry, yeah just you Don't presume to speak for other subscribers, like you're some sort of spokesman, you stupid faggot. what the fuck really? deleted? faggot op Thought so faggot This redirects to porn ads, OP confirmed cock gurgling faggot. He's not saying it to be edgy, you retarded faggot.  shut up u faggot. tell me honestly if you know her or not. 

DONT BEG ME YOU STUPID FREAK

edit- proof: FANCAKES Its over already, faggot  Wow, now I'm at -250GBP. Thanks a lot, faggot. "Go kill yourself brony faggot" 

"Okay, Burj Khalifa or Petronas Twin Towers?" [Why him and why not this guy.](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApocalypseRising/comments/34ewwq/some_faggot_took_my_models_and_other_peoples/)  i wonder when some clever guy with no morals will start scamming millions from governments and donations by building homes for faggot refugees... Fuck you faggot &gt; censoring

Did you somehow miss all the cells named "faggot" and "fuck"? Faggot reply &gt; Except for all of the other replies I posted.

And the answer to that is TI4 was dull and boring. Get over it ASSFAGGOTS.

That's a real acronym by the way for anyone else reading this. FAGGOT

A

G

G

O

T Wow people really want to call people autistic faggots... That's bullshit. No one is rude here faggot! Nice title faggot Still really offensive and disrespectful to people who actually have autism... similar with the use of the word "faggot."

Just because it's common doesn't mean it's right.

By the way, the insult you're looking for is "self righteous arrogant fuckwit". I made the crop. And yes, I am faggot. Good, fuck off. I'm tired of u casual faggots. Plot twist: he is a faggot
Plot twist 2: he fucked you gay dad : ^ ) quit being a faggot drink some whiskey its rappels right? &lt;-- other shitty non-english fag here

edit: also the faggot im replying to doesnt seem to know rappel is a word and that some people use phones while making posts on 4chan also OP is a faggot. Omg another faggot who is gonna play wonderwall while everyone else does the heavy lifting. How do people even know the details on the biking trip? Also its going to hot as fuck. Like inferno temperatures.  This faggot always says "fuck" like that. I hate that crutch. Pffttttttttttfuck!!!!!! They ask police to help stop those firing at people. They ask police officers to leave the car. They call police "faggots" for fleeing and leaving people face to face with the armed pro-Russian mob.  Well as it would seem ebola is an std, now we can only pray it takes off like aids and wipes out these fucking faggots. You'd like that you faggot.  LMAO haters gonna hate, fucking faggots.

White guys will do everything in their power to gain access to other women, but as soon as their own women do it, these fucking cowardly crackers go to any means to put an end to it. This is the [GOAT](http://i.imgur.com/ZXTWVRK.png)

race me faggot. race me right now. Call me a faggot, but I actually found that quite interesting Someone named "yummychocolatebunny" calling people faggots. That is the username of a true homosexual. The fact that this has more upvotes than the original makes me sad

You're a faggot /u/sunbolts It feels good shitposting and people laughing at your retardation. I love channers. Those beautiful faggots. Nice cropping faggot his story paired with his avatar is really something.

anyway, this faggot is so beta that this fatass bitch had to become a lesbian, to get some sort of masculinity from her partner. jej

Anons calling samefagging OP gullible while not realizing they've been had. Nice one, faggots. :\^) "Sissies" is as bad as "faggots". No verbal humiliation wanted at all, I want the masochism to be in what she is implying, encouraging or tricking us into I might have had a fit of extreme hippie one love faggotry when I wrote this. But that's what a cuckold is? It's someone who gets off on having his significant other fuck other people. Just because faggots like you have butchered it since gamergate to mean "cheated on" doesn't make it so. &gt;faggots like me

I'm not the the one getting off seeing my wife getting culturally enriched by tyrone. And it's still up. The lesson here? You're a faggot.  Whoever gave you gold, that person deserves a destiny far worse than jews, muslims and faggots combined. I am not sure which faggot is the worst.

Most likely the bottom one for saying "iTouch". The more people who go to 8chan the faster it will go. 

Unless you're some faggot that just lurks I guess. those faggot vegetarians , drinking milk

be a real man like joe and go vegan

he only drinks cum OP, quit being such a faggot and learn to crop properly.  Dear Diary,

Today,  OP wasn't a faggot. It is so funny how weak these cucks are. race trading faggots. downvoted by arty faggot fanboy what a suprise  the liberal communist faggot jew wants to wipe out whitey. That's the only answer to your question.  Because jazz and hundreds of naked rectum-gaping faggots having sex in the middle of the city in the broad day light is the same thing. i can suck my own dick. that faggot has to go out and beg for what i can do at any time i want. &gt;pathetic your life is.

Says the person with Elliot Rodger in his user name.  Defining yourself via a psycho murderer.  Good job, faggot! Fuck off faggot OP MOBA is the Riot genre. ARTS or ASSFAGGOTS Im fite you straight in the face with my faggots stick. Either this guy is trolling or this is just some next level newfaggotry NOFAGGOT.COM Neofaggot spergs are outdoing themselves this week. Faggot lmao. Go back to SRS kid. Agreed and judging by the lack up votes on you last post this thread is clearly being viewed by pedophiles and degenerates in an act to silence my attention to such perversion.   

**In other words downvote me harder faggots! lul** I see you read anyone of the five or so posts from this past week, probably the one from yesterday. OP   faggot Fake as fuck, wont do anything else than slowing down your computer and then crash it. It wont fry your mobo or your cpu. OP is a faggot. I've always found /u/Trollabot to be a faggot Who /faggot/ here? 

Answer: OP nice story but you should really stop engaging in faggotry crimes against nature What a fucking SJW, go fuck a dog u faggot GH and MeinosKaen are active on the Twitter front you old black dildo loving faggot &lt;3 You got a lot of pent up hate for "the faggots".  you want aim assist on PC therefore you are a console faggot There wouldn't be much of one. The comments would just be:

"Op is a faggot"

"pls go"

And so on Well you can not do that if you're a pussy.  I however have self respect so I shall present my balls to the world like a true leader and inspration to future generations.  Also you're a faggot he also raged and called somebody a fucking faggot in-game so he is pretty toxic as well. and why not?   
you don't even know if your app would benefit and you're already ditching it.   
but on a secod thought, I'm arguing with a drunkenfaggot :D Ironically you were hacking too AND YOU GOT UNBANNED TWICE  you fucking disgusting faggot I hope you choke some pepsi  =w= i didn't mention that the police were making fun of them. we were discussing your interpretation of their posts. 

it's not the police's fault that you're a thin skinned little faggot and interpreted their question as 'shaming'. Uh, faggot. fuck you faggot LOL fuck off faggot.  You believe what you want. It's gonna be hilarious watching you turds get what you deserve. Keep up the pseudo-intellectual bullshit and buzzwords because it's all you got ;) Oh, i'm definitely not stupid or a faggot you little keyboard warrior. grow some balls and stop fapping no im not a faggot Not really a food practice but we do have a dish over here that we call Faggotts... I can't take the rants of angry incels seriously. It devolves into an angry circlejerk of helplessness.
 
'woe is me, I have these features which I cannot change! life is hard!'

Suck it up, faggots. Life's full of pain. Deal with it.  Spacedad is a massive faggot, he got busted harassing himself like 4 months ago Chill down, faggot. Its an I with 2 dots besides it, you dirty minded faggot This video is older then the riots faggot I swear to fuck if this game wasn't named osu we wouldn't have these fucking weeaboo faggots infesting this game. ayyy lmfaggot Yeah, there's a difference between being 'gay' and being a 'faggot' OP is a faggot that doesn't answer questions in his own AMA Haha drunk you called sober you a candy ass faggot! Yeah, and you're the reason the /r/trees community has declined in quality. This sub used to be nice and friendly but pissy faggots like you come in and ruin all our highs. [0] now cuz bitch killed my vibe As opposed to the **conservative** communist faggot jew? lol faggot get vac banned #sergvaccation For fucks sake stop being a giant faggot about NSFWing shit, some of us have jobs. every patch the same "omg current patch so broken, even last patch was better" then new patch comes out "omg new patch so bad, pls give old back"

please go and play league of faggots, because you are one shut the fuck up you homo faggot Everyone is racist. These chuck faggots need to learn something. Yes we do want to be with people who look like us. Oxytocin is the reason why.  ignore him / her / it

obv. an rb mod alias

prob. furry faggot Good job auditing his reddit posts you bored faggot Subject: **fuck your self UBER-faggot**

From: justtochatwith 

Sent: a minute ago

just suck on Travis' dick.
FAGGOY

 *comment implying that previous poster is a nigger, nigger faggot, nignig, or some other type of black person * Whatever goodness this community has is immediately and profoundly negated whenever someone utters 'faggot' without quotations or without an obvious sense of irony and **no one calls them out for it, and they even get UP-VOTED**. You're a faggot We had to seriously make a rule just for him to stop calling people faggots. Like that needs to be spelled out.  &gt; 4chan

&gt; people came to your party

Nice try, faggot. Good for you man, people received it nicely. When I posted my age with a worse setup than yours I got insulted and told I was a rich spoiled faggot. So yea, good on you. Unfortunately, the fluidity of language means that words can often mean what enough people think they mean. Once upon a time, "retard" and "faggot" were fairly benign, boring words. Do you realize the irony of calling him a faggot in this thread? &gt; You are a 100% every one who came from here only said "hi" and there wasn't a huge wave of people calling him a faggot and telling him he sucks are you?

I'm a 100% what?  I don't know what you're asking but it's hilarious. If you still believe faggot has anything to do with a person's orientation anymore then sure sure.   Subject: **were you a hall monitor at school also ?**

From: justtochatwith 

Sent: 22 minutes ago

your life is so shit you are ONLY an UBER driver.....

FAGGOT

can I see a photo of your mom's ass?

can I put my finger up her anus???? Like really, this was posted in /r/funny you faggot, that's where it belongs  No one fucking said "hi" after this video was posted people went to his stream spamming shit and calling him a idiot/faggot and so on. Rule 3 does not seem to apply to streamers it seems. I heard he's pretty good at counting though... faggot OP... oi faggot approach mean words dur. If you have a kid and are a CA you need to get help. Stop being a butthurt faggot. Why'd you downvote them and then post it here, faggot? I am i am a roody poo candy ass faggot

http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pza--ziBtgw Fuck Donald Trump and fuck all billionaires. No one should be allowed to have more than 1 million dollars. Fuck those greedy faggots. Do it Faggot.       
Kek People be calling you a faggot for xp wasting if you do that these days lol Upvote because iShill mockery   
  
  
Downvote because he used the word 'faggot'   
   
There will be no homophobia around these parts, only iPhobia.  Fair enough, /u/sanfrancisco_faggots

You told us. Someone's overcompensating.

Edit: you didn't need to censor it, I'm not offended by being called a faggot. I'm straight anyway. WHAT DID YOU SAY FAGGOT... CANT HEAR YOU!! Downvote me into oblivion you Pacquiao faggots. The better fighter won. And for a supposedly classy guy; blaming a loss on an injury is the lamest trick in the book. GOOD THING I'M A FAGGOT Hey fuck yew, buddy! Lewis Hamilton is one'a them faggot Europeans, he ain't no fuckin' Dale motherfuckin' Earnhardt Jr.! 

*swigs from budweiser can* Because I feel its necessary to prove I'm not a neckbeard. At 3k MMR, it makes flamers and trolls instead try to inspect my profile and flame my pic, calling me a faggot, etc. The rage is real. OP is a Nailor on the Ship of Faggotry 4chan=autism. learn it faggot  Neofaggot: "One of the accused black men claims that the caucasian woman he was raping looked him in the eye with a dehumanizing stare and whispered 'you dirty fucking thug'. In a way, she had it coming." You are the dumbest faggot in planetside. Kill yourself immediately  I have the answers faggot. Be a good human being. Be faithful to your spouses. Love your neighbor. Work hard at what you do. Dont waste every sunday laying in bed hungover. Fuck off I've learned that plenty of users think I'm a faggot after I beat them. [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/mwZ1a4E
)
 &gt;1000 words

What a fucking faggot that's not even 4 pages double spaced &gt; I have the answers


&gt; faggot.

lol. You faggots really will fight about anything.  They can change it though. If they're going to be that much of a faggot about looks they can go to a plastic surgeon. fuck you faggot He looks like a faggot. A company I used to work for, my manager came into my office on lunch and called me a "faggot" for reading a Starcraft novel while eating at my desk.

He also referred to women as "chicken cuntlets" behind their backs. 

Extremely classy guy.
 Oh surprise, you got downvoted at least twice.

If anything that threat exposed the faggots flying under the radar in our camp. You sound like a massive faggot.  Gay is the term for men who are sexually attracted to other men. Queer is the new socially acceptable term for fucking obnoxious faggots. Be a faggoty nigger here all you want. We won't ban you. Freedom is a wonderful thing. Just don't be a SJW. We won't ban you for it, but we will taunt you mercilessly.  Oh i forgot faggot is the new n word for SJW's. Eat it up you fucking faggot when the uprising happens I hope you are the first to go. Look at this faggot.  I bet you kiss girls you fag.  Hey faggot I thought my greninja had a sash. Go drown in a vat of your boyfriends cum you fucking an hero faggot cut ur cock off faggot The best is the dad's that get ejected for swearing. Like dude, nobody's kid needed to hear you call the ref a cunt munching bitch niggerfaggot.......... &gt;windoze 7

&gt;iphone

&gt;Intel

Faggot I don't know if they care about swear words but moreso slurs that can hate a certain group like nigger or faggot would be censored. It makes sense to me at least  Yeah, being butthurt like security measures are the end of the world and bitching like faggots? That's not what we're supposed to do.
 [Quit being a faggot and suck that dick!](https://youtu.be/Fcja4WFFzDw?t=108) For fucks sake literally like 2 more last lines. Just post the full thing faggot Faggot!

- South Park i have no idea what parade tho . faggots &gt;Do you ever make yourself dinner

Jesus. If you're an adult and have never made dinner for yourself, you are the biggest loser on the planet. Is this faggot going to ask if people do their own laundry next?  mayb

but sarcasm isnt solely recognized by the tone of the voice

also adding /s is offensive to me since unthink im too retarded to detect sarcasm

what in saying is if youre pre emptively adding the slash s then you're a faggot &gt; DAE

Faggot. Hello faggot my new friend, I've come to fuck with you again I did for a while but I was told "I hope you get AIDS and die you faggot" just for mildly defending the furry fandom and being gay and it was upvoted tremendously. It's a pretty toxic sub. Fuck those people.  great person to be with if you like faggots!

huge vouch &gt;Shut the fuck up faggot

&gt;**Faggot** Shut the fuck up you autistic faggot.  deadlybrownie your an absolute dumbass... i mined that and Watchinmypackets invited me then you kicked and killed me stop trying to hide your bad rep omfg you guys are absolute faggots! Hugging trees is possibly bad for the trees of they are allergic to hippie faggots. faggottttttt OP, you're a certified faggot. Anyone ever who makes any kind of post with "the state of this subreddit" in it is a faggot Just because someone uses the word faggot does not mean they are implying that said person is gay. Are you seriously saying I'm using that as hate speech?   VICTORDM09, 

***
 ^^This ^^insult ^^was ^^generated ^^by ^^a ^^bot ^^you ^^complete ^^faggot. ^^I ^^have ^^insulted ^^4 ^^people ^^to ^^date. ^^To ^^learn ^^more: [^^AutoInsult](http://pc-tips.net/autoinsult-the-meanest-bot-on-reddit/) Upvotes for everyone! We're all shitty people all the inside regardless of race or faggoty-ness!!! I have better things to do than whine about it being "offensive". But there's about as much of a chance to change the definition of faggot, in normalfags' minds, as there is to change the definition of sexism to "prejudice plus power". Not Tom, the Forums account. Likening the Spanish word for "faggot" with stuff like "shit", "fuck", etc. 

 The word faggot is a derogatory word and you know it, and justifying it by saying "oh I didn't imply he was gay" is deplorable. 

Are you seriously trying to defend your calling another user a faggot? Dude I have seen a million of your comments you are a complete and utter faggot. Your username has bone in it. You are a fag.  Whiteboy??? Racism is cool. You can't even spell faggot. Come back when you can pass fifth grade kid. ### autistic faggot fridge Go get aids faggot. Don't forget "eat me faggot". &gt;gender fluid

Fucking hell did their grandparents die in the world wars for them to spew this garbage? Way to go American education system, "no bullying" has led to "increased faggotry." Stop posting on reddit and go outside, you stupid faggot. Oh snap I've been quoted! 
Also, I'll never forget "Bitch, I hope you die from a fuckin’ disease. Cause you dress like a faggot, and that’s comin’ from me.” &gt; I got called a faggot and an idiot by the person for confusing steel beams with chocolate.

How *dare* you use an analogy to talk down to people from /r/conspiracy as if their sum total of formal education is masturbating over InfoWars?! ayyy lmfaggot Thanks, faggot. It seems like you and your father both share the sama faggot gene. if lazy wasnt such a faggot he would of won. fuck you lazy with ur 2inch dick.  As soon as I figured out he was a white faggot nigger-lover, I used my White Privilege Card (tm) and noped the fuck out of that read.
 Start smoking cigarettes you faggot some faggot beaner that would say "gf!" after every fight. Go back to /r/atheism you fucking neckbeard faggot Don't be a jackass faggot Yes and the downvote is for comments that do not contribute to a thread. My ideals are not wacko and are shared by mamy people. You are a butthurt faggot lover. Fuck off faggot learn how to be funny  "we" meaning neckbeard faggots who live vicariously through the sales of a plastic box made by slavechinks over in china I don't necessarily, I enjoy the players. I've only come across 2 or 3 people (only 110, I know I know...) who have gone off about how I'm a "faggot bitch" or starting ranting about my mother. COD/ Battlefield/ R6 vegas? It's everyone. You don't punch a guy when he's trying to be a good sport.  Stop sucking mayweathers dick, faggot. lost his battle with cancer today?? it doesnt look like the owner of that channel is gone at all. last video posted 1 week ago? what fucking bs scam is this? where is the source to the guy dying of cancer? just some faggot grabbing views wiht a lie? I LAUGHED AT YOUR FAT DICK FAGGOT I think we should export all the ethnic Swedish women, build a huge wall around it, and let all the Swedish faggots go fucking nuts on black refugee cock. They may still be young but they're still 7 years older than the Raptors. 

/u/TheHomophobicFaggot  Eat a dick you fucking faggot &lt;3 literally tens of 10000s of artists are unnoticed by reddit because, after all, reddit is a popularity contest where like minded faggots pat each other on the back, and the karma system ensures homogeneity.  Is it because you were washing your hair like that shampoo fuccboi? He's a fucking faggot man, especially in bed with me /r/im14anddeepinyourmomfaggot [LULZ BANT](http://i.imgur.com/ZRFSaoz)

-----
 
 [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/61px4HE.gif
)

-----
 
 [Quality post detected, notification sent for verification.  Have a nice day!](http://i.imgur.com/GOosVl8.gif
)
 I like a good fuck and shit but no need for the faggot or bitch.  If this was really in Scotland there would be a group of red heads stood around warming there hands and cooking faggots on the flame. Did you just call me honey
Fucking faggot
I don't like homosexuals [LULZ BANT](http://gfycat.com/UnhappyHopefulGrackle)

-----
 
 [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/cfC4hXO
)

----- 
 
 The following related subreddits may be of interest: /r/GunOverlords
, /r/Dbz34

 At least link to the fucking frog faggot that caption: 'Faggot' Yea. I like being in a squad of legit dudes than being some robot faggot jumping around with jetpacks and guns that shoot energy bullshit If it's ever not okay for a Muslim to post, we all fucked up somewhere and became Reverse Gaf. I can't speak for anyone but myself, but you don't sound like an easily offended faggot, and are more than welcome here. I DON'T LIKE THE NAME LAWRENCE, ONLY FAGGOTS AND SAILORS ARE NAMED LAWRENCE double space for new paragraph, faggot [LULZ BANT](http://gfycat.com/CheerfulHollowGrosbeak)

-----
 
 [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/pYzQr2m
)
 I don't associate with fat nigger femnazis like you, you dumb cunt

go write your faggot poems somewhere else bitch [LULZ BANT](http://gfycat.com/BriefHelpfulGar)

-----
 
 [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/4S5FZEZ
)

-------
tire-fire you fookin n00b:  go to /r/weekendbot before you call me again to learn what I can do
 And "faggots" is unnecessary too. This is a warning. its probably the faggot who ddogged faceit entitled little faggots. this mentality makes me rage.  &gt;what that word

Whoa don't cut yourself on that edge, you edgey faggot.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edge_%28wrestler%29

please educate yourself you fucking retard WTF are you talking about faggot? I wanna get all rule #7 on these FAGGOTS! fuck this man, i only have a 40 dollar inv and i just lost 15 dollars, fuck this shit FUCK YOU YOU DDOGING FAGGOTS Can we say faggot on this sub? When it's like not being used literally? I've choked back like so many and just shouted it at my bathroom wall.... Your post is 9hrs old so I'm just gonna let one go next time! OP is a faggot. I woke up at 5:30 to go running.  It's not even his dog. He stole someone's picture, reposted it AND lied. Classic megafaggot move. Stop being such a faggot. This shit is in the fucking military now. You can't say faggot without ruining you career. *In the fucking military.* 1. Go to Twitch

2. Find the most annoying faggot on there.

3. Type out everything he says. 

4. Title your essay, Autism, in the Modern world. 

5. ???

6. Profit.  Bleeding heart liberal faggot U 22 hoarding faggot OP [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/cfC4hXO
)

-----
 
 [Quality post detected, notification sent for verification.  Have a nice day!](http://i.imgur.com/Bif9Hp1.gif
)
 Not badass. Its more of Snot nosed, obnoxious, Faggoty kids Can I be the problem too please faggot? Dude fuck Jens hes a fucking faggot Ey, man. If it walks like a faggot, talks like a faggot. It's probably a faggot.  put some more effort into your edgy post faggot I like the subtle "faggots" Cheating faggot Get your life together faggot. Take notes in class and do your homework. One day you're gonna wake up an adult and realize highschool was the easy part of your life and the more you slack now the harder life's going to be in the future.  I'm not racists i just don't like FAGGOTS A lot of Hip-Hop albums could've been received *way* differently with different album titles. 

*Licensed To Ill* by Beastie Boys was originally going to be called
 "Don't Be A Faggot".  How is this BestOfWorldstar material?  This is some race baiting bullshit.

Edit:  down vote all you guys want, I'm just a white guy calling out this trolling faggot.  Dude has -100 comment karma.  Obvious faggot troll. Some harsh news for all you bathroomfaggots.   
I AM NOT THERE TO SOCIALIZE.  
I am there too piss, only because it's not cool to piss anywhere else.   
SO MIND YOUR OWN FUCKING BUSINESS.  The word, is "Niggerfaggot."  A dick is a "sometimes" thing. Shadman seems to love putting one of three "sometimes" things in almost everything he does. Smoking, Futa dicks, and people being overly vulgar ("Do you wanna stick it in my shithole you faggot") sometimes all at once! You only prove my point posting from your fucking racist alternate account. You don't have the stones to say any of this shit in real life, let alone on the reddit account you use to look at funny pictures. Chickenshit faggot. Great title faggot. Stop posting this garbage. I want funny, not dumb. Finally found a group i can relate to, and we're all a bunch of faggots and losers. Fuck. Hopefully i'll be able to leave this place one day. My hands were too small at the time to use fatboys. I'd call you a faggot, bu am sure that I would've enjoyed them. &gt;Buying into a joke that's been posted dozens of times before on the front page here, and hundred on actual 4chan

What a fucking faggot where's my controller faggot ? I saw a Man flying a Kite in the Park !! He was a Faggot !! I thinks its reddit.urafaggot.org what a fucking beta faggot he should just hang himself or better yet get me to do it for him Id play pick up sticks with you but im already talking to a faggot.  Nice repost faggot.  Yeah, but it's like calling a gay person a, "faggot". It isn't nice, and comes off as rude.  i wanna see the faggot eat it Sorry, if you think people are "faggots" and "degenerates" then you really are a bigot. Bet this faggot writes fanfic for this autistic game.  RULE 1 AND 2 FAGGOT [Nice repost](http://www.reddit.com/r/ImGoingToHellForThis/comments/34rleb/aliens_are_the_biggest_threat_to_new_york/), faggot Thx faggot You're welcome, faggot you type like a faggot so i guess we're even  #shut up faggot 
LOL XD
you just hack urself even ask badlion LOL The same way you swallow loads, faggot. lol faggot This is from WorldstarHiphop you faggot ass mother fucker.

Troll deez mother fucker Yup, that's precisely what i figured. "Faggot" So happy people like you get banned.  The moment I saw the thread title I knew it was that faggot with the little Nickelodeon cartoon girl avatar.

He always posts shit like this. .#14.  I won't say faggot...I won't say it.  I won't be a homophobe today...I won't do it.  

^faggot.   ^^^shit You're a faggot? "I bet you wear Chapstick, faggot" Well, the thumbnail says "Kill the Faggot" so I'd assume it was a game about just that. I dont know if you really are the guy owning the channel and this is a legit post of you making fun of a cringeworthy faggot or if the video itself was supposed to be the cringeworthy post I like how Seattle and the 49ers are neck and neck...again.  Especially since the majority of their dialogue is to call the other fan base, "faggots". What could you expect, this is /r/4chan, faggot butthurt faggots, all of them &gt;faggot faggot

Pick 2. The person charged for the murder of the man who kicked off the Baltimore riots was **Black.** You hear that? A black police officer has been charged with the murder of the black male in question. So cut the racist bullshit and get off this sub faggot.  My only complaint with the game is that trannies are worth 150 points and faggots are worth 100 points, even though trannies are way easier to kill.

My only complaint. Que the long train of butt-hurt faggot brigraders downvoting this article. Fucking white knight faggots I do kinda see Kill The Faggot as a sort of semi "good" thing as hopefully it will make Valve look more closely at Greenlight? But you know, anyone can hope for that Also the author can't even bring himself to spell faggot. I think you're right to be empathetic, but they went three months without paying rent. The landlord had really done enough. 

And then the guy called him a faggot and... showed his ass? I'm not sure what to make of that. I swear I'm going to choke that popcorn pissing white knight faggot like Russel Crowe in *Romper Stomper* You make it too easy. Stop being a 12 year old little faggot and offer up a challenge. Post ass faggot  If this was real life she'd have gone "no", as she should have here.

Not as smooth then, faggot. Check the diagnostic criteria you dumb faggot  Its a shame that some envious faggot will damage your car when its parked.     Dzwol shâsotkun.
    Shâsotjontû châtsatul nu tyûk.
    Tyûkjontû châtsatul nu midwan.
    Midwanjontû châtsatul nu asha.
    Ashajontû kotswinot itsu nuyak.
    Wonoksh Qyâsik nun.


dedicado al morti-ibn-faggot either

op is a lazy, egoistic person and expecting us to check his comment history to see the link we want on another thread.

or

he's new to internet / reddit

or

op is just a faggot "nyah! daddy!"

"ewww faggot!"

*hits gohan* Narcissistic faggot culture.  I'm not sure if it's related, but around the same time /u/beernuts21 posted [this thread](https://np.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2kclb4/niggerfaggots_of_reddit_why_are_you_such/) in /r/askreddit.  They got really upset about people on reddit.   Plat Twest: I wuz a faggot al alung! I told you to be less of a faggot, yet you went the opposite way and became more of a faggot.  Hahaha nice b.s you pussy COWARD. that really made me laugh. You don't want your main account's reputation to be ruined in case someone looks at your history and calls you out right? Fucking faggot, nice lie but it ain't working  you refer to them as faggots. that's all I'm gonna say FUCK YEH TIL YE LOVE ME, FAGGOT So, I can't call somebody fat, but you can call someone a faggot? Didn't you post a picture of Trayvon Martin in r/shootablefaces? You are a strange bird. Go up stage and say "what's up faggots?" If people laugh, cool! Continue.

If anyone groans say "oh I'm sorry, it means a bundle of sticks! Why y'all being a bundle of sticks?" Then shit on the audience for not "getting" your genius. Yeah a picture of that thug fuck giving up a middle finger is definitely a shootable face, what's wrong with that, FAGGOT? Faggot So in conclusion, they're just SJWs, except when it comes to videogames.

Sophisticated stance, guys. Faggots. This is the reason I say faggot nonstop; I want to guarantee that these faggots die before the word does. I apologize to everyone here for how much of a faggot Jeff is Surprising lack of "faggots" and "I fucked your moms" used. I need to find lobbies like this. Shut up faggot. Faggot refers to annoying behavior more than your sexuality. Faggot Bitch more faggot

Ps when did they find the coin to sheep? They found the guy who tried to buy a house?

Ps. They could give the fbi the wallet they still need the multi sig to use it. #FaggotBrigade That would be like asking why are you a faggot. Its just natural. &gt; racist bullshit ... faggot.

Oh. I see. Captain, you're being a faggot. Typical Reddit Faggot Response "YIFF IN HELL FURFAGGGG"

Cmon guyyysss... This isn't 4Chan [LULZ BANT](http://i.imgur.com/iVkrb6r.gif)

-----
 
 [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://gfycat.com/YearlyPoshJaguar
)
 Sorry, the baby got ahold of my phone and posted this without my knowledge.  I have deleted the ever so offending "L."  What I don't understand is why you had to call me a faggot?  Sounds like an issue you need to address.  Have a nice day.  Forgive me, I was a little upset to wake up to find someone had called me a faggot. If it was supposed to be cheeky you forgot the obligatory tongue-sticky-out-face...

:P The two dead were the faggots who tried to commit mass murder  btw, the one wounded is fine now Rise and raise? I never remember the difference.

IB4 you call me a retard, I'M NOT A NATIVE, FAGGOTS!  Amen brother.  Fucking faggots make me sick too. Yes because all of you faggots will just moan and whine about how it didn't live up to your expectations. &gt; EDIT: STOP VOTING ME DOWN face me like a man and say something back - oh thats right ur too scared nerds

You're a faggot. That's all I have to say to you. lol @ caring that much about someone's username, you are the definition of a basement-dwelling neckbeard fake tough guy nigger faggot  If I were working for a company, why would I call you a niggerfaggot? Op es le faggotte No, retard, all I said was he was a violent criminal, nothing more. I wasn't implying anything by it the same way what you're saying is not implying you're not an assmad faggot. Gross beastiality, faggot. I'm not trying to be a dick just pointing out that its an offensives term to refer to someone by. You wound't use terms like faggot or dyke would you? Your sarcastic speech doesn't make you look like less of a faggot.  Sam talking about boxing or any sport is enraging.  Stick to wraslin' faggot.  Other than that i'm thoroughly enjoying the Nopie show. More like faggotcore He told me I'm a stupid fucker and fuck off you autist faggot when I spectated him,wish I screencapped it hey faggot, show it to your Mum. she would be interested in what her disfunctional son thrives My favorite part is that their support team may have actually had to watch that video and decide that it wasn't appropriate. Not only do the faggots not understand manass, they must be left wondering why someone would record and upload that.  You like it thick don't you faggot This is pure joy...for us. Huehuehue what a faggot. i find the video to be funny as hell LOL these gaf faggots surely dont have a sense of humor because most of them are pro-homo Why are you a piece of shit? Did your mom not tell you she loved you enough as a child? Are you a faggot? Do you look forward to going to hell? Wooah there "faggot"? Seriously. Biggest faggots in PvP history. You mean without text added? I don't have it. I edited the [original](http://knowyourmeme.com/photos/480925-op-is-a-faggot) in MS Paint. you were paid by tax donors. child of in vitro sponsored by gov for faggots fathers. you got shat like a wet burrito after bowl of cornflakes.  It's funny that the hero to these faggots is a fag himself. Or, to use the parlance of our times, "slack-jawed faggots"*


*phrase notes British intent to insult and is no way representative of the views and opinions of OP. I'm gay myself.

They are faggots, not because they are gay. But because they act like faggots. [Click here, faggot](http://imgur.com/TMkZDBz)
 i'll try my hardest to be an enormous faggot senpai i will well he didnt say i am gay, he only implied i am a faggot, so we r cool LOL got called a niggerfaggot on a valve pub the other day. good times. I bet you kiss girls faggot. nobody givea s hit about mkx or jamesmk here except 4 dat 1 fuccboi /u/bustersword89 go interrogate dat faggot u dumass piece of shit So it is okay to abuse little kids as long as they are little faggots. Got it. BITCH IM GAY WHAT THE FUCK YOU GONNA DO? FIGHT ME? BRING IT BIG BOY ILL TROLL THE SHIT OUT OF YOU IRL SEE ME FAGGOT. FIRST I SOCK YOU IN THE JAW THEN I SUCK YOUR DICK.

 Yeah you would know, faggot. [LULZ BANT](http://i.imgur.com/NHfolLt.gif)

-----
 
 [I have detected the possibility of faggotry](http://i.imgur.com/CEofCoU
)
 &gt;"No hate"

#
&gt;"faggots"

 Ok, preparing for mass down votes, unpopular opinion here.  I have to disagree because Roman Reigns (AKA FUCKING FAGGOTAOU'IE) has a strike finisher that couldn't even put big show down even though the knee plus killed big show one shot.  idk just IMO. holy shit your such a fucking faggot oh my god And your comment is not atrocious?

&gt; Shut up, you elitist cocksucker.


&gt; to ride Bilzzard's dick 


&gt; Not being a fucking know-it-all, faggot.

What's up with the dick fixation? I am a faggot, and a proud faggot too :) There are better and cheesier ways to rekt haveljesterfaggots and haveljestermagefaggots ;) Chaos blade as cheesy as it sounds is not the best approach against them Beta asian faggot. What a fucking shit collection.  I have more games and im not enough of a faggot to call it a collection. I'm not an atheist, I just don't have a religion because I'm not a niggerfaggot. Your girlfriend is either a cunt or you're a faggot for letting it get to this point... Maybe both? girl its a reddit for a crossdressing show, we're ALL faggots here mahma! Ha, nice response faggot. Niggerfaggot mistaken you are  I don't say racist things, but I occasionally said faggot and that doesn't go down to well. Why the fuck are you browsing then you faggot?

Mods ban this swine. jesus you are one faggot YOU WERE IN BRAZIL FAGGOT
 [Deeper...](http://www.reddit.com/r/weekendgunnit/comments/34v50k/oc_swag_dank_maymay_yolo_420blazeitfaggot/) This thread is unabashed faggotry mixed with popper induced ass sex/AIDS transmission. Too bad faggot. No he wanted you to put the 

&gt;faggot faggot 

together with the space below it. Kind of a DIY insult.  what a faggot, added to /r/fuckredditmods [You expect me to believe this trifling little faggot has goddamn legos for fucking teeth](http://i.imgur.com/gB9Z0Dc.png) you made a throwaway account just to come in and call someone a faggot?  an entire language at your disposal...so many possible ways of formulating a clever, biting response, and this is what you go with.  bravo! looks fantastic.  the other fatality is horseshit garbage though

yall downvoting for my opinion? faggots. lol Homophobic behavior?

Didn't I just clarify what I meant by the term Faggot?
 Fuck islamic culture, fuck religion in general, but Islam the most. We should bomb mecca and see if Allah or whatever other imaginary faggots they believe in does anything about it You sound like a beta faggot that feels targeted when the words "beta faggot" get thrown. Ahhh now we jump into the personal attacks. You're so tired and predictable you little libtard faggot.  I know nothing about this, but have you checked it's really "gay person" faggot and not "4-chan like board member" faggot? Because they are really two different things, at least on the internet.  What a faggot I wish I was that guy. No, no I'm just your regular everyday faggot. Some words are inherently bigotted, though.

If there was a similair riot for gay rights, and I called the rioters fucking faggots, would that not be homophobic, because I am after all only saying it about the rioters? you have to get verified first before vending here. read the faqs and rules dickfaggot "dickfaggot" Lmaoo!! That's a new one for me ahahh :D Why do you say you're mod verified when the only thing thats verified is that you're a huge faggot?? It'd be like this within about 10 minutes...

niggerniggernigger

faggotfaggotfaggot

etc. etc. etc. 

The mouthy 12-year-olds would rule. I see our convo from this reply but not in my history. faggotry I tell u Upvoted you till you said faggots and then turned that back around. Don't be an asshole. lol, says the guy that downvotes someone because i said faggot... clearly you don't watch southpark  fucking faggot. kill yourself and your piece of shit second cousin faggot There faggots who are crazy for trannies, even handsome ones that could have a hot girl. &gt; belittled me in front of the kids to the point my 5 year old daughter asks me why mommy is so mean to me

DADDY WHY ARE YOU SUCH A BETA FAGGOT? Choke on a bowl of dicks faggot. No phones do that because it's a design flaw. OP is a faggot.  You're such a pussy it's not even funny. 

Wahh wahh some guy said a bad word! Wahh wahh. 

George Carlin is turning in his grave. 

inb4 downvote brigade of moralfaggots Actually kill yourself, you shit-tier faggot cunt.  "We won." LOL okay, mindless faggot. You won because you spent money and helped the bottom line of a billion dollar multinational corp at no real benefit to your health, education, career, family or overall life. Good job "winning." Its not fun when you're getting in a jet and some fuckboy has C4 hidden on the run way and you die to cheap faggotry and abuse of game mechanics. You're calling me a 'homophobic shit' for using the word 'fag' on reddit? faggot, u wot m8 i swear on me mum i'll hook you right in the gabber. So they call you a faggot....cool friends you have there.

Next time: take out phone, take pictures of them while watching, send it to their mothers, have fun watching them when their proud and cool attitude changes to shame and regret [gatsjerk] BECAUSE YOU CAN'T FUCKING EVEN OPERATE, 420BLAZEIT YOU UN OPER9 FAGGOT![/gatsjerk] Poor little faggot would have been devoured in minutes on the savannah. No. Your opinion is "his other fatality is not that good."  
Your wording makes you look like an asshole. Thus getting downvoted.  
  
Bonus "insufferable human being" points for using faggot like an insult. Oh fuck off. You write like a Gaf faggot too. It's faggot Honestly I think the only reason we got Kill the Faggot instead of Kill the Nigger is because it's an easier target. I wouldn't be surprised if this guy harboured similar thoughts about other races.  faggot lol faggot Faggots faggots faggots Devouch is a faggot, drops fast, doesn't mine and is cancer in ts Faggotino man is taking a Taco Bell tour tomorrow That the R-word is just a terrible as using "Faggot"? Did this faggot really just quote Metallica in response to his mom being dead? Florentine really has rubbed off on him. Fuck you! You motherfucking piece of shit! You faggots want my new kateelife videos? give me something in return! if you don't have it, you can go fuck yourself! A redditor is sitting in a bar, I know because that faggot won't stop repeating the jokes he just heard somebody else say. No one is nice here, faggot They're the same thing. /s

Edit: Hey you faggots I put a /s mark on there; of course they're different in some ways. He would call them faggots and try and be a macho man about it. As long as newfaggotry exists. holy shit that boring straight edge hardcore faggot Do you think you're a super hero? Come here to save the day? Truth and justice and all that. Where is your cape you cheesy faggot. Wow. A sub where you can say faggot? This place is awesome.  i hated louie when it was cool, get with it faggots. Faggot the judges that let that pos out should be held accountable. there is no where to hide when the shtf you fuking pos faggots.  Really? You faggots need a warning for spiders? You jackasses watch people die and you can't can't a handle a picture of a spider? Fucking pussies. I'm now assuming that is why is spanish "Maricon" is gay, faggot, etc.  I don't know about criminals and liars but niggers and faggots for sure but then niggers and faggots and criminals and liars. yeah, quite fucked  So just because you watch south park that gives you the right to call other people faggots? just because they do sometimes in south park? Really? Don't link me that anxious faggot. /r/istp is full of neckbeards I didn't like it there. What about Faggot Zombies? Would that be okay? Feminist Zombies? Commie Zombies? Where do you draw the line? Did he even fucking try?? There's literally no set up to this faggot-tier shitpost. 

-1000 keks thanks faggot There better be some trade online nearby. If I'm not watching live I'm doing the next faggotiest thing. Taking big dick. I literally laughed when I read that news story. I'm so glad those goat fucking faggots got their heads blown off like punk ass bitches. I see this starting an amazing new trend. Everyone can get behind killing Muslims, come on! Don't worry about /u/damadfaceinvasion. This faggot isn't even KiA.

Just trying to cause trouble and get us to turn on Milo. Aight man, best of luck. Practice in a mirror, never force it, and it actually takes time to find your smile. Seriously.

The smug grin needs to go because you look like a huge faggot - everyone does when they do it. 