TJ Clemmings. 

Malcolm Brown.

PJ Williams.

Melvin Gordon.

Cameron Erving.

And Byron Jones! That awareness boost! I honestly want to trade up for Devante Parker.  Stay at 20 and take Kevin Johnson, Cameron Erving, or Perriman  WE NEED OUR CAMERON DIAZ! And Cameron Wake. Oh... I suck hahaha. I just watched Cameron Diaz and Leslie Mann in The Other Woman and it was awesome. Cameron Erving 94 OT +1PBlk Facing suh and Cameron wake 2 times a year, the jets dline AND the bills... He's gonna cream his pants Cameron Bairstow needs some playoff experience. The way this game's been going, Cameron Bairstow will probably go for 37 in the fourth. can Cameron please fall into a volcano? Oh god is Cameron getting a push Cameron, can you even handle Brie Mode? Nooooooooooooooooooo please don't let Cameron ~~wrestle~~ Sports Entertain I like this Nikki. Yea *fuck* Cameron Can cameron please ^^^^die leave? I hope Cameron gets stomped the fuck out. Cause she really isn't even anywhere near as good as Naomi.  I don't think the Bellas work as faces but I'll cheer for anyone against Cameron. well played, wwe, well played. Cameron legitimately has xpac heat  David Cameron didn't know anything about it, that's the main difference, according to the quote What are you talking about? There's only 2 movies and one television series.

I'm starting to get a little annoyed James Cameron hasn't given us a third installment yet. I feel like I could suffer a horrible, career ending injury just watching Cameron Cameron has the most annoying voice.  She could be the new Vickie Guerro  Cameron loses. 

Wreddit rejoices. And Wilkerson, and Richardson, and Cameron Wake, and Mario Williams, and Jerry Hughes, and Marcell Dareus, and Kyle Williams. Am I the only one who really wants Cameron Erving? Super versatile, can play pretty much anywhere on the O-line. Tannehill. Miller. Cameron Jordan. Devante Parker. PLZZZZZZ The hype is real right now.... Jennings, Parker, Landry, Cameron, Stills, Miller. Offense will be amazing if the Saints pull through.  surprisingly lots of offensive lineman going early. think cameron erving will still be available? I feel like he's a perfect fit What about Cameron Erving?  A guy who could play all along the oline and be a day 1 starter? GOD PLEASE CAMERON ERVING Dont care if he's a reach. Cameron, Stills, Landry, Parker. I'd be ok with that. Parker, Landry, Stills, Jennings and Cameron. oooff Tannehill is gonna have a great year. Tannehill gets to throw to Parker, Landry, Stills, Cameron and Jennings this year. My body is ready. Don't forget Cameron!  Devante Parker, Jarvis Landry, Kenny Stills, Greg Jennings, Jordan Cameron...I'm drooling! We have other needs. I like him as a WR to help Tannehill out, but I would have preferred Melvin Gordon at RB or TJ Clemmings at OT. 

We got Stills, Cameron, and Jennings in the offseason as viable Tannehill targets. We've already got Landry. Plus Landry, Stills, Jennings and Cameron. DUPREE AND CAMERON ARE STILL AVAILABLE - WHAT DO I DO WITH MY OTHER HAND SINCE THE RIGHT ONE IS SPOKEN FOR?! nah thats what dave cameron said about lehner, franzen's the one that has trouble even playing with his kids i think. really fucking bad the poor blokes Mark my words. We go Cameron Erving or we trade back.... Cameron Erving	OT Florida State &gt; Jordan

I forgot about Cameron for a second, so I was fairly confused. Along with Jordan Cameron at TE (if he can stay healthy).  (edit: oops) I wanted us to hop back and get Cameron Erving Guard. I'd love the get Cameron Erving out of FSU if he slides.

Edit: Fuck Cameron Erving Jordan Cameron is ours, Cameron Jordan is a DE Jarvis, Kenny Stills, Greg Jennings, Jordan Cameron, *and now* DeVante Parker?!? That's pretty sick Thought the same thing about both Cameron Diaz and Jason Segal when [this] (http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/8/86/Sex_Tape_\(film\).jpg) stupid fucking movie came out  19\. [CLE](/CLE) selects C Cameron Erving, FSU I'm not an expert by any means but I've never heard of Cameron Irving. Should have taken Cameron Erving 

 I'm pretty stoked. Especially with Tanny's progression he's made. There are absolutely no excuses anymore. Especially if Cameron stays healthy  and jordan cameron We should boycott this sub if Cameron is not made a flair. so would you rather have cameron erving and justin gilbert... or sammy watkins? And Cameron "Obama's putting 25 ICBMs on Miliband forming a minority government with the Liberal Dems, and Netenyahu has ten settlements on Cameron. Want in on this, Merkel?" Confirmed, UK commercials are even weirder than American commercials. 

Just saw David Cameron lip sync Boyz II Men  No Avatar didn't ripoff GRRM

because James Cameron was too busy ripping off Dances with wolves and Ferngully  lol Weasley, this guy is burning his long term bridges faster than Kirk Cameron. When this all blows over he will be without any allies because SJW will not tolerate a man to help them. Move around is right. There is going to be a bunch of different looks. Also at TE Jordan Cameron is a playmaker and don't sleep on Dion Sims.

Edit:switched Cameron Jordan to Jordan Cameron lol. probably because we recognize how its really ripping off a bunch of other movies. BUT I have hope in Cameron to make a narrative for the sequels that more original  It... disappeared... So deep that we need James Cameron to find it again... Soooo we have Landry in the slot, Jennings back wide and Stills out wide with Cameron at TE.  Where is Parker lining up? James Cameron. He's got enough money. WR1: Parker, Stills

WR2: Jennings, Hazel

WR3: Landry, Mathews 

Expect a lot of 4 wide and 3 WR/1 TE sets as well as 5 Wide with Cameron or Williams in the slot.  GREAT PICK 

Great job by the FO giving Tannehill another tool to get him over the top. He now has Landry/Jennings/Stills/Parker/Cameron to play with! And Jordan Cameron? I like this.  I remember a theory floating around that suggested that JC had been killed and Cameron was really leading the resistance.  Her going back was an attempt to reset and keep him alive.  Same with ferris bueller and Cameron &gt; BUT I have hope in Cameron to make a narrative for the sequels that more original

I don't. &gt; Plus Landry, Stills, Jennings and Cameron.

heh, they should put cameron in at TE every so often just to fuck with defenses.  cameron wake that is Jordan Cameron, right? True, although Buckingham Palace have said that any leader asking the queen to form a government must be able to demonstrate they have the support of the majority of the commons.  Cameron or Miliband will need some kind of commitment, not just votes. Kirk Cameron or Noel and Liam Gallagher. What? That's not what I said, and no, it wasn't a plot twist. The T2000 kills a cop in the first scene you see him, and Arnie's bar brawl is very tongue-in-cheek. James Cameron never intended people to think Arnold was the bad guy, just a badass. &gt; Boogeyman 

Huh I actually had no idea he was on tough enough. Forgot about Maven too. I wish I would of forgot about Cameron being on Tough Enough too though.
 He did, but everyone is an idiot. This country deserves David Cameron.  James Cameron used motion capture on horses, cats, and a few other animals for their respective alien counterparts in Avatar, and if memory serves yes, PETA did complain. We all know a Kirk "richest butter" Cameron type. They're every bit as annoying to us as they are to you guys, but unfortunately there's these damnedest law against burning or blamming them as heretics these days.  Cameron has some injury problems but he's decent.  I think teams like the Colts and Packers may still beat the Bears however. ALL GLORY TO ~~THE HYPNOTOAD~~ DAVID CAMERON. Was it fair that Cameron was allowed to shape Miliband's questions through a prop?

Many factors come into these things that can't be controlled and naturally the bastards in suits take advantage of them.  Hardly surprising since his father's business success was largely [based on legal investment in tax havens] (http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/apr/20/cameron-family-tax-havens) "The Empire Strikes Back" was better, and "Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas" was worse. Alex Mack is probably leaving after this season. That's why we picked Cameron Erving. He could also play RG since we're kinda weak there. I love this pick especially since it ensures we have one of the best olines in the NFL moving forward.
 I don't think it's an issue, Cameron's performance was strong and commanding. Cameron = best heel in the Diva's division. Whether that is intentional or not.. 




 A 54 point lead and Cameron Bairstow still didn't play lmfao least Nazr got on the board 😅  It was an alright film, but I started to not like it when I found out Cameron chose to do that over a live version of Battle Angel Alita.  And God forbid you've been homeless under this government (or should I say, *made* homeless by this government)?

But yeah, good job Cameron! This is why I hate FPTP Cameron's gonna win the most seats and most votes, and ironically because he opposed electoral reform it's probably gonna cost him his job &gt; the evil forces of CHAOS!!!

Death to the false Cameron, blue blood for the blood god! I myself wasn't here to watch the debates at the set time it was on and came home late. I decided to just watch a chunk of it and talk about it with some friends. All I know is apparently David Cameron come out on top in the polls. Sounds about right, my prediction is for Cameron to step down after he fails to form a government, then Boris Johnson will be Tory leader and win by a landslide.

Place your best on Boris guys, trust me. Miliband has said a could of times in debates that the Conservatives were in general agreement on how Labour was running the economy up until 2008, and Cameron had no response, so I think there may be some truth in what you said. Cameron was strong &amp; commanding. 'Let me directly address you' - Cameron and Milliband.

Just friggin say it, without this pointless sentence beforehand.
 Suits me to be honest, if anything the SNP will just push Labour to the left, whereas I kept hearing a lot of overlap with Cameron in this QT. I don't think it made a difference considering Cameron won that. I think he set the talks for the evening and everyone kinda had to "follow" what he said prior. Maybe he's just a big fan of Cameron Diaz's work in Something About Mary haha "you're going to need to know someone like Cameron Camp a cyber security expert to be able to access it!"  Cameron Diaz in Bad Teacher Cameron was miles ahead of Miliband, but I'm in a tory safe seat so I'll be voting Lib Dem to keep their share of the vote up. Need to keep the small party vote up if we want to make the case for a change in electoral systems. I agree, Cameron's performance was commanding and strong™ 1.  David Cameron
2. David Cameron
3. David Cameron
4. David Cameron
...


:) I missed it. I heard Cameron was strong and commanding though. yeah, first time I've ever posted anything remotely about Cameron and it's downvoted like crazy while completely pointless replies that don't add anything are upvoted by the same people. Teaches me for trying to contribute an off the cuff remark. Murdoch dictates what (over half of the papers people read) is published, so this wont get any publishing time.

Cameron is a scum bag, who works for the interest of himself and his rich friends. It did appear on Sky News too.

/r/unitedkingdom/comments/34i4hh/cameron_career_defining/ So does David Cameron. Who does he think he is, the pope or something? One slight correction I'd make - it's parliament which has been dissolved, rather than the government. David Cameron is still the Prime Minister etc. Yet when it happened to milliband first youre now complaining about Cameron being brought up? Double standard much? No I'm just saying that this sub throws a hissy fit about the bacon sandwich and careless whispers and then goes on to do exactly the same thing to Cameron. Where you at Cameron Baristow imo anything policy infomation about another party is most likely made up scare tactics and should be taken with a pitch of salt, much like the time miliband jumped up in PMQ and challenged cameron over VAT increases and was totally shown up. 
 The one that David Cameron disputed last night? I just woke up and I missed the debate. Is there anywhere I could go for some sort of review of David Cameron's performance last night? First time I've seen where Cameron connected with the audience and cameras.

 It's a terrifying prospect that if the Tories loose the next election then this witch could be leader of the party when Cameron goes. Well whatever it is, it's like people in general have a blind spot when it comes to Cameron's faux pas. Someone else will have to explain it, because I can't. so that's what all the hype for april 30 2015 being the end was all about. /u/cameroncac shiiiiiiiiiiit, somebody should let cameroncock know Probably less about partisanship and more that 'Miliband is a weirdo!' so it's fun to mock him. Cameron not so much. People are pretty shit at the end of the day.  Eh, I don't think he'll be any worse than David Cameron was, but I'm not sure he'll be much better either. So you'll give Cameron a reduced sentence and put half your cross on his square and half on Ed's?  Well shit man with all the dropped passes last year i'm loving the pattern. Not to mention parker is a definitive red zone threat. Along with Jordan Cameron. 

We 100% reworked that receiving core this year and I fucking LOVE IT! What I'd give Cameron is not even appropriate to mention on the internet. Have you see anything positive from Cameron about Scotland other than scarmongering? 

 If this is taken from someone in the comments section, then the title is wrong; you're not clarifying Cameron's comments. Is there a link to where you got this from? There is no queen in the canon of the original film, it was added by James Cameron. The creature would spin the eggs itself out of the corpse of it's victims. An article you might be interested in ... https://www.bellingcat.com/news/uk-and-europe/2015/04/01/coulson-cameron-brooks-the-political-element-in-phone-hacking/ James Cameron will raise it higher entirely undemocratic, shows a deep flaw in the system. Why should Miliband be PM if more seats show a preference for Cameron? this will be further emphasised if Cameron win the popular vote. Just another example of why FPTP needs to go. For his political legacy it is defining, but for his career I'm not so sure. The quicker Cameron gets out of government the quicker he can join the private sector directorship merry go round and make even more money. Here's Cameron's Site: http://www.happypencil.com/ but i was unable to locate the illustration :(   Yarran and Gibbs are A graders. But it is such a steep drop off. When you have Ellard and Armfield, not to mention Cameron Wood getting a game, you are hopeless. I don't know much about UK politics, other than the name of the prime minister.

Is David Cameron generally liked by the English population? And if not, why not? Sorry for being pedantic, but the title is still wrong. It's not you clarifying Cameron's comments. You are very lenient, I'll give you that. To me, it's the kind of thing a spitting image version of Cameron would say. But this "worm" often shows cameron winning, so who is it that are giving cameron all this praise if it's only left leaning kids on twitter? David Cameron (!)  
David Davis  
George Osborne  
Boris Johnson  
Ken Clarke  
John Major    
Maggie? Daily reminder that Cameron was in the same season of Tough Enough as Ivelisse, was eliminated the first episode, and now has a job with WWE. The Guardian have come out in support of Labour, although that's probably as surprising as the Torygraph backing Cameron  In my opinion, it's Cameron being *too* Cameron. I didn't like him to begin with.  Are you saying that the place they were born affected how they used their power?

Could you give an example of where David Cameron's "half-Scottish-ness" has had any impact whatsoever? BEP does what BEP does because BEP is James Cameron.  This article could have been (may have been) written a month ago - the Tory press would be telling us they're 5 points ahead and Cameron's "strong and commanding" performance "won the debates" regardless of polling or the outcome of the debates.   "I would just like to ~~clarify some factual misrepresentations made by David Cameron during the special leaders' BBC Question Time.~~ offer my own personal views on why I don't like David Cameron." How is it undemocratic? If more MPs represent parties which don't want Cameron as PM, then Cameron shouldn't be PM.  Except the majority of the Tories voted against it.

Source: http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2013/05/blow-cameron-128-tory-mps-vote-against-gay-marriage 128 Tories voted against, 117 for. Cameron vs Alicia Fox vs Natalia.  I just want a breather! 24 hours without #MilliBRAND or Cameron being 'absolutely frank' with me or Farage looking like a melted toad...god, it'd be heaven. Great, now let's see the Conservative party talk about Labour planted voters attacking Cameron! Tell me about it.

"Only someone with the almost despotic self-belief of James Cameron would consider filming three sequels back-to-back."

It's already happened twice.  &gt; Is David Cameron generally liked by the English population?

It's about 50:50 at the moment. The vote is in a week. As opposed to Cameron who's posturing is more cringeworthy and genuinely has no idea what he's doing with foreign affairs.  but even more MPS will represent parties that didn't want Miliband. If Cameron wins the most seats, the least disdain has been showed for him. Hence why I believe it to be undemocratic. A majority of conservative MPs voted against it though. Fair to say the party as a whole is socially conservative even if the Cameron government itself is slightly less so.  To be fair Cameron forgetting which football team he supports got a lot of coverage.  The correction was the gaffe, right? Because Cameron is definitely more worried about his own career than the plebs'. now the shoe is on the other foot they don't like it 

Tough shit I say , it was not that long ago Cameron and Millaband were begging the Scottish people to stay in the union cameron wright born on May 4 - there will be a full moon on may 4, 2015 That's not true. To simplify it, if Cameron wins 40% of the seats, Labour wins 35%, SNP 25%, then 60% of the MPs don't want Cameron. 

Edit: if Cameron can cobble together a majority, that's different.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/May_1985_lunar_eclipse

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Wight almost as funny as when Cleveland called Cameron Jordan instead of Jordan Cameron 1. Stop calling them Divas

2. Cut Fox, Rosa, Cameron, &amp; Eva

3. Replace them with Sasha, Charlotte, Becky, &amp; Bayley

4. Give them more than 6min per match 

 The days of the AFC being inept are over. Every team is looking really good. Parker, Stills, Landry in the slot, a (healthy) Cameron? God damn. Tannehill should be great next year. I'll let it slide since I like Cameron Crowe. This is a mashup of inaccuracies - Cameron was on the show as Ariane (her real name). Ivelisse Velez was another participant who made it much further and is now in Lucha Underground. WATCHED FREDDIE FREEMAN SIGN AUTOGRAPHS FOR 20 MINUTES FOR BLUE JAYS FANS AND THEN SING O CANADA WHEN HE WAS IN TORONTO. HE SEEMS NICE! CAMERON MAYBIN ALSO SEEMS LIKE A GOOD DUDE, SAW HIM GIVE A CHILD A BAT DURING BP. THE BAT WAS LARGER THAN THE CHILD! Well, my outside information - CBS' Dane Brugler - noted that the Browns had a formal meeting with Maxx Williams at the combine. Before Cameron was gone, and before Housler was signed, of course. We'll see how tonight goes, I guess.  Cameron Erving not Irving, for those that don't understand. Yea. At least they didn't call an Erving Cameron, like when they called Cameron Jordan. Very underrated match, especially since Cameron was in it...and won. Cameron Diaz. Don't think they were suggesting Cameron and Ivelisse are the same person, just that they were in the same season and how ridiculous it is that Cameron is the one with the WWE job.  It's Erving not Irving

As someone named Cameron I was trying to find a spelling mistake forever lol My mistake then, it read like "Cameron was on the show as Ivelisse" as in her character name on the show was Ivelisse. It is true, but I enjoyed every second that Cameron was roasted. If he gets back in to power I will suffer more. For some reason I read this in Cameron's voice from Ferris Bueller's day off. Not a fan of Cameron, but honestly I don't mind career-minded politicians. They wouldn't be my first choice, but I mean better they are career minded than ideologically minded if the ideology is bad. Cameron Diaz Because he rakes in the dough. Same reason James Cameron gets to make 5 Avatar movies, because it makes a ton of money despite the movie actually being total crap plot-wise. By Cameron's own admission, PMQs is supposed to be a medium by which to hold the incumbent government to account. The fact that it descends to political sparring and rhetoric simply gets in the way of this imo.  Digging for some team america references, apparently no one likes that movie.  

Also Bay couldn't hold Cameron's jock strap. One has talent and responsible for some pretty awesome movies in our time. The other made Pearl Harbor. True but let's not kid ourselves. James Cameron made a couple of good movies like Bay did, but he doesn't really make (what I would consider) "masterpieces" He makes movies that you watch to wind down and have a good time. I see your point, but I can name more than two really good Cameron movies.

I have yet to enjoy a Michael Bay movie.  That first turtles almost got turned off, if not for my TMNT admiration as a kid it wouldn't have lasted 5 minutes. Yes, but more people across the general public, when faced with the choice decided not to opt for Miliband as PM then chose not to opt for Cameron.  I have a feeling he will end up being remembered as one of the greatest statesmen of our time.

Cameron will only be remembered by the academics. A YouGov poll which is well respected in Britain [has Cameron as the most "liked" party leader](https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/05/01/cameron-most-liked/) (A net % of -4 more people dislike him than like him) I'd suggest he changed what Cameron said into either what he meant, or what actually happened. Not really sure how to work in Ferris' sister as part of the main story if he's off and married to Sloan and hanging out with her and Cameron. One could do a cameo, even dust off Charlie Sheen for that.  &gt; He recorded 88 knockdowns and **18 touchdown-resulting blocks**

According to the scouting report in [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/Browns/comments/34j2u9/cameron_erving_breakdown_scout/) Steals: Leonard Williams, Bud Dupree, Shane Ray, Malcom Brown    
    
Shocks: Brandon Scherff, Ereck Flowers, Andrus Peat, Cameron Erving, Cedric Ogbuehi, Phillip Dorsett "you plebs are all in this together" Cameron, 2010. Top gear season 15 episode 5. Dakar Touareg, James May maxing a Veryron, Hamilton driving Senna's old car, and Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz in the reasonably priced car.   Perfection.  overwhelmingly positive for shelton. some wanted a WR instead of Cameron Erving, but i think we made the right pick there. I don't think that bombing Palestine is going to help Cameron much Ferris sees Sloan after all these years, takes a day off from his marriage. Act III, finds out she and Cameron had a kid after Ferris lost touch. Jennings and Parker on the outside. Landry and Stills sharing the slot. Cameron either doing some blocking or adding another pair of hands on crosses.  Been a fairly slow day for me but I did just pull an E Cameron. I need to do the math to see if she will even make my RTG diva team.  The point of the film was to never settle for Cameron Diaz David cameron. So I could walk round, stopping occasionally just to shit on the floor and make him pick it up with his bare hands. 

Why? Because David Cameron is an utter bastard. Fuck that guy.  I have this problem, but in reverse. I actually really quite like our current local MP, think he does a great job, but... he's a Tory. And I don't want to contribute to Cameron getting in again. :( Buenos dias, me gusta papas frías, los bigotes de la cabra Es Cameron Diaz!!!! God bless Cameron for doing something good. I'm currently swimming in Divas. I have two Epic Natalya's I will Pro later today; Epic Brie and Cameron; UR AJ, Paige, Naomi, Nikki and two UR Natalya's that I'll work on pro-ing, and a PP SR Naomi.  note: (these are sarcastic comments to compete with your brilliant Cameron Diaz comment) Cameron Erving. It was a Pocket Plane, like the one that Mankar Cameron made with Dagon's Help. You remember "Paradise" right? Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom [Candace Cameron for Charlie.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3qIaBn3nQo) He said nothing about not liking David Cameron. Please avoid putting up strawmen, it achieves nothing. I like how he isn't afraid to imply the question is stupid if it's obvious that is the case. Meanwhile, Ed tries to pretend he's at their level by asking for their names, and Cameron uses absurdly childlike analogies to describe his policies. It's a hard choice between David Miliband and Ed Cameron.  My favourite part was when Cameron was pretending to be tough on Europe by saying he was going to demand that the UK be able to do what EU laws says it can already do if it so wishes. Nope, no Cameron Bananas. They are good for ya, relatively cheap, come in a nice portable case and Kirk Cameron things they are proof of God. I eat em but don't like em.  Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom So you want career politicians in government? Is Merkel, Cameron or Hillary not enough? Have you learned nothing from history? Fuck history, look at the Conservative Party in the UK.

See? I can play this too. Not that I have any opinions on David Cameron, but that's a pretty egregious exaggeration of what he said. Scuderia Cameron Glikenhaus SCG-003

Donkervoort

Gumpert

Amazing cars, names are either overly complicated or sound like cartoon sidekicks. Marketing snafu. That's interesting, considering[ Ferris is only a figment of Cameron's imagination.](http://fantheories.wikia.com/wiki/Ferris_Bueller%27s_Day_Off)  &gt;The English will find themselves ruled by the Scots because David Cameron has not addressed the issue of English votes for English laws.

Telegraph readers aren't terribly bright, are they? Honestly I don't know, it seems like every WR will line up everywhere so I see a balanced ball distribution between Stills, Landry, Parker and Jennings, not to mention Jordan Cameron Well, fuck.

Cameron Artis-Payne? Cameron will get a good paying job when he's done being PM so it's probably more of a "personal goal". Here in Norway politicians either go into PR-agencies and spend the rest of their career lobbying government or they end up in company boards... This time they go to Thailand and Cameron gets a Mike Tyson style tattoo on his face.   Her name is Cameron Dee. She has plenty of pictures/videos: http://www.freeones.com/html/c_links/Cameron_Dee Favorite line from house. When cameron, foreman, and chase come into his office and cameron says "well, we have rectal bleeding," "what, all of you?" Parker, Landry, Stills, Jennings, and Cameron make for a very, very talented group of receivers. The first three are all young as well. So? 

David Cameron thinks of Brand as stupid because of his beliefs and you probably think Bennet is stupid because of hers.  Maybe. The difference is that we don't see Cameron standing and defending that behaviour. Whilst yesterday Miliband did. The tories seem to be reacting to the mistakes of history. I don't think the same can be said for labour.  i can only ever think of ferris describing cameron's house and living environment. as if their house was a museum, very cold and very beautiful, but nothing can be touched. :adding on from thread's title:  

and all the carefree happy whateverness has been sucked out of him, and he needs someone to help him get it back.  

tldr: thread title, but now he's like Cameron. Yay Cam Cameron! Loser has to watch a marathon of Melina v Alicia Fox while sitting with Cameron &amp;..... Vinnie.  -Calvin and Hobbes grew up to be The Narrator and Tyler Durden.

-Ferris Bueller is in Cameron's imagination.

-The Tick is told from the POV of a seriously ill child of divorced parents. David Cameron seems so comically evil.... that I am actually starting to like him. Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom Well the two ahead of were T.J Clemmings and Cameron Erving (Both Top OL prospects) and were both Sr.  So part popularity, part the ACC has a lot of OL Talent Hold up, I'll get James Cameron on the phone! Sorry, I didn't realise that the budget was copyrighted. That explains why Cameron chucked out a plan that was showing GDP growth in favour of recession: he didn't have the rights. Cameron supports Murdoch, whereas Milliband doesn't. Jeff Cameron, local radio guy in Tallahassee and invited to Winston's draft party in Alabama, a Bucs fan and Tampa native, has said that for several weeks now.  EU referendum ok sure, I can see why you don't trust Cameron on the issue and I can understand a lot of people don't like the EU (where as I'd be fine if in 80 years when I die I die in the USEU).

Tuition fees is a weirder one I've not heard before. &gt;Cameron 

&gt;blocking 


lol Politically it has to be a red line for Cameron.   The Tory voters and his backbenchers would not let him renege on this "cast iron guarantee".  But Cameron made it What about Cameron Erving? I think there's something oddly British about Ed Miliband. He's a bit awkward, a bit geeky and not very photogenic. I think he represents the British public as a person more than Cameron or Farage do. i thought the falcons just released cameron maybin

[7] Who are you quoting?

Cameron has never said anything about supporting trickle down, no more than brown or blair did James Cameron told me that if you point blue lasers at the sky, then you attract sexy aliens. 748 days and counting. Still no sexy aliens... Welcome to the team, Noob! If you could, add me (CameronHh465) on skype and I'll add you to the skype group so that we can smother you in welcomes and love. Welcome to the family, man! I went ahead and put you on the whitelist, so if you could shoot me a contact request on skype (CameronHh465), I'll add you to the skype group! Cameron. People calling for the murder of others have zero regard for human life.  People [like](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Todd_Willingham) [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnny_Garrett) are why I'm opposed to the death penalty. can you even IMAGINE an Asian David Cameron? would you look at that

David Cameranne Hathaway
Asianne Hathaway
Mexicanne Hathaway
Ku Klux Klanne Hathaway Yup. Get it and add me, Yo_ImCameron What's with claiming Al Pacino and Cameron Diaz as Dallas celebrities? As long as Cameron can stave off a no confidence vote by gaining support of some smaller parties by promising them greater representation Cameron can stay as prime minister if he is the leader of the largest party. Ohio St. guys will probably murk me for this, but what do y'all think of my boy Devin Funchess as a vertical threat replacement for Jordan Cameron? They currently live in downtown Dallas. I've seen Cameron Diaz at a mall once. Moreover, he's supporting a party that has no chance of winning enough seats to change the PM.  I love the Green Party, and I want them to get seats, but I also want Cameron to have his career defining moment of being fired. Well this one seems to reveal Cameron's primary motivation Why not Luna?

Luna Cameron Cameron Diaz Bingo,  There is a difference between tripping up over their words.


Like when Gordon said that he saved the world and back tracked and said banks. 

That's essentially what David Cameron has done. Many, many, many scenes of James Camerons Avatar are great shoots with wonderful colors and awesome acting James Cameron regrets sinking the Titanic.

Jack! You say that but the Economist backed Cameron,  To be fair this election is going to define Cameron's career.  WTF are you talking about? Since when does Cameron advocate for "trickle down wealth".  Have you seen how many times Nicola Sturgeon has said that she wants to "lock David Cameron out of Downing Street"? 

She's not going to prop up a conservative government.  Accepted! Welcome to the server, man! If you could add me on skype at CameronHh465, then I'll hook you up with the server's skype chat! Not his fault. James Cameron couldn't dive any better than that. I thought James Cameron was a director. Or is he a soccer player? Exactly how Cameron repeats right wing platitudes.  God's Not Dead? Kirk Cameron for most punchable face award? [.](http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110610231434/jamescameronsavatar/images/5/5a/I_See_You_Gesture.gif) Cameron had been the bookies favourite for a while, though Miliband is slightly ahead now (1.8 v 2.2). They are still fairly certain the Tories will win more seats and more votes though (~1.2 v ~5) Love him, no need with Cameron/Sims and Lynch was drafted last year. OMG, you're just like [Fizbo!](http://d1x7zurbps6occ.cloudfront.net/product/large/33331-2-550x550.jpg) Otherwise know as [Cameron Pritchett](http://images3.cliqueclack.com/tv/files/2012/03/fizbo4-425x239.jpg)  
Got any funny clown-training stories?  you made fudge. not a diamond, cameron I'm probably bias but Labour, Lib Dem, SNP and Plaid Cymru all have pretty likeable leaders

Natalie Bennett annoys me no end, Cameron is a straight out liar and Farage is too right wing for me I have three diva singles, Nikki, Paige, and Cameron....I would even take a Cameron pro because she is not as horrible as in other tiers He is as bad at blocking as Jordan Cameron. I think he is better than people give him credit for and he is athletic, but he is a very poor blocker too. I'd *love* to pull a trade off for Bennett since Chicago is shopping.  The Guardian frequently publishes right-wing opinion pieces, often by Tory MPs. David Cameron had articles in the Guardian some years ago. They're quite cringeworthy now, of course, since he comes across as some sort of mammal. Cameron Fleming is going to have to be our hero at guard. Cameron? Maybe with some high test grillin' grills.

 http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/jamescameronsavatar/images/1/1f/Isv.jpg

Mmm, Barbeque! We need James Cameron! Giovanni Ribisi is inspired by Spike Jonze and the word is Anna Farris' character is based on an incident with Cameron Diaz.  I'm sick of all these movies.  Ever since James Cameron left it's been awful. Then Stan Winston died and I knew right then, it was all going to be bad. I'll watch the new movie out of curiosity.. There's a stereotype of a posh, privately educated rich twat that unfortunately coincides with another stereotype of an out of touch politician who doesn't care about ordinary people. David Cameron really nails both of them "James Cameron regrets NOTHING!" - James Cameron's bank account. At least Milliband is only making false promises for an election. Cameron stands up and literally fucking lies to our faces.  I blame David Cameron for not repelling the Norman invasion in 1066. I get that Cameron Diaz is attractive to people. Something about her I don't like. Just doesn't do it for me. The way Cameron used him, yes.  But in a 21st century offense he was definitely a #1. They planned the whole thing to get Cameron re-elected.  Just like Charles and Di got married to save Thatcher. Not really. They're *MPs* because a plurality of their constituents voted for them.

They're Cabinet ministers because Cameron chose them to be. Cameron isn't posturing as far ahead as the referendum. He just wants to please both sides of the "Do we have a referendum?" by not really answering it at all.  I read your post, got really excited and found out it was for Camerons Avatar and not Avatar: The last Airbender

NOOOO That Cameron Diaz and simulated poop on table holy fucking cringefest  Just listening to BBC news right now - David Cameron trotted out to talk about how wonderful this new Royal baby is. For. fucks. sake.
 He's a good mark, McCarthy. I reckon GWS are almost better with Cameron up the ground, kinda like how Hawthorn brought Buddy up the ground and left Roughy as the main target. I will say this, and for the record I am no tory. David Cameron is correct.

There is a reason why capitalism works and socialism fails wherever it thrives. This is a simple undeniable truth.  To be fair, the collapse of Scottish Labour and the rise of the SNP as the new third party is the biggest and most distracting event of this election. Cameron doesn't need to hype it up for everyone to be talking about it. You knew he dated Cameron for awhile while she wore a lot of stupid hats, right? :) In the same way that Cameron is a Villa fan?  Me everybody!  Me.  Here I am.  It's me, here.  This is all about me.

-David Cameron No, Cameron's a fucking puritan who loves dictating what is good, clean sex and what sex is *nasty, filthy, evil* They had finished patching Cameron up before he took the kick. The shot we saw was  trainers trying to wake him up after he fainted in shock.  Thanks for the overview!

&gt; Cameron-Osbourne also have a good lead over Miliband-Balls on the economy

This part is so disappointing, although of course to be expected.  Woody Allens-shadows and fog,  the only movie I have walked out on.  The box with Cameron Diaz,  bad but stayed because I love her.   Cameron is far better than the rest of his party, unfortunately that's not much of an achievement.  Oh yeah. Couldn't miss Cameron.

Also Marshall's mom banged both Worf and Q. Cameron would be sending his thanks but there's less than 3 hours until Burnley play West Ham. Fuck it, I'd take her over Cameron. But it isn't correct. Economists say it isn't. It doesn't matter what Cameron thinks. She'd definitely do less damage and look more adorable than Cameron. Cameron looks like an overgrown baby anyway. I'm failing to see any downside here.

At least the shit the baby spews is literal as opposed to metaphorical. I'd bang her over Cameron. Didn't the sub recently run a picture of Cameron in a baby blanket with the headline 'ITS A TORY' We didn't really have a TE last year either. Cameron played 3 games. Cameron was a fourth round pick.  I don't remember how deep that draft was at TE, but I'm just throwing it out there. up to 'david cameron really nails both of them' i would have agreed with you When did Cameron debate Edd twice?
And do you really think Labour caused this resession? According to David Cameron's own parameters his refusal to hold a proper debate Miliband is a huge failure of his. You're using arguments David Cameron doesn't believe in and has debunked himself to defend his actions. I'm Sottish and I dislike them both, I actually prefer David Cameron because he doesn't want to break up my country. I don't think you are using the word parameter right.  I'm merely giving my personal opinion on why debates don't matter.  Not justifying why David Cameron is against them. Well, David Cameron doesn't agree with your defence of David Cameron. Does that not make you think you might be wrong on this and making excuses for him? I'm not defending David Cameron.  Whether he takes part or not, I still think the debates are pointless. You're Not defending David Cameron? You do realise I can read what you just wrote you blatant liar Ouch. Two guys who don't get separation, and Bowe can't even catch a football anymore. Lost Jordan Cameron as well... Browns pass-catching group isn't looking good right now. I think you need to learn to read. Cameron has never had two head to head debates with Miliband - he's only had one. Debates obviously do matter to you because you kept bringing them up and referring to them in your original comment!  Cameron Diaz (Specifically searched from the movie "The Mask")
I'm satisfied Anna Faris does a hilarious Cameron Diaz impression. It's been too long since *I* watched it.  For accuracy, Cameron went to Miami in FA. So which of these teams does David Cameron support again? James Cameron wanted to send a 3D 4k video rig on one of the Mars missions. I wonder if we could manage to send a drone with one. How amazing would that be? Yeah. Jordan Cameron is almost bad as a 5th round TE, he was drafted in the 4th. And look how he turned out. He can't play TE to save his life. Ozzie Newsome knows all this stuff, I don't know how Ray Farmer doesn't. Cameron Diaz. What an ugly skank! Yep. He really is like a poor man's Jordan Cameron.

It would not surprise me if he has a breakout year. It would also not surprise me if he doesn't make the final roster. &gt; so it's not exactly endearing to here Cameron make promises about cutting the numbers so drastically

Dont worry your head about- he will do exactly the opposite  Zadarius Smith, Mark Glowinski, Cameron Artis-Payne Are you referring to the Koh i Noor?  In 2013, David Cameron said it was "illogical" to give it back, the twat.  Miliband got The Rocket! I can't wait to see Cameron's response. Jim Davidson maybe? I went from having a normal UR Paige with 6 UR fusions without an Emma , to pulling an E Cameron , getting a URF Emma , winning back to back EKOTR having nattie and RVD and the second with nattie AND Brie 
In a week  I wouldn't mind seeing us take a shot on a speedy outside pass rusher with some growth potential.  James Harrison was an UDFA and Cameron Wake came from the CFL.  There are guys out there waiting to be discovered.  Just gotta take a shot.   ___Cameron___

*Cam shook his head and blinked a few times.*

*It felt like he had zoned out for hours... days even. He elected to stay quite until he gained his bearings*

 Ifo Ekpre - Olomu, CB 

Hayes Pullard, LB

TJ Clemmings , G

Zach Zenner, RB 

Cameron Artis-Payne, RB 
 That and most people don't have chip pans any more.

But it wouldn't suprised me one iota if cameron has a mate who would profit massively from the sell off of the ~~royal mail~~ ~~nhs~~  fire service And you wonder why this country is so fucked up when it comes to health and science in general.

Cameron Diaz and Dr. Oz are who people get their medical advice from. Walker only gets 7 chem there and Cameron is surprisingly more solid than I thought he would be so I decided to keep him Ehhh I think Cameron Fleming deserves some kudos here.  McDaniels called a fair amount of 6OL jumbo packages in 2014, Fleming did was asked of him, and did it well. It could be Farage shouting at Miliband/Cameron in Uk parliament soon though :D I miss Mike Cameron. :'(

His smile was so contagious. I wish that kind of free spirit was more common in baseball. Dude gets less reaction than Cameron. It's hard to find one here in my budget :-( but yes Cameron is right. I'm too far invested in yall to leave :-) Someone tried it with a picture of David Cameron, and the result said he was a 700-year-old lizardman. Nope, but personally can't see Cameron staying on.
 He's trying to paint them as a wasted vote, which is really fucking stupid this late on. Cameron has been a mess for the past fortnight the sooner he's out of the HoC the better. He wasn't used like a #1 WR here until we fired Cameron. About the only thing i can agree with Cameron on, they are predicted to win 4 at most, their vote is to spread over the population. Have a signed Mike Cameron set somewhere, I think it has a picture or two and a card. Should really frame it an hang it up. They were only 32% behind last time a Clacton poll was done. That's easily recoverable in Cameron's mind. Thy hype is dying.

Maybe we could snag

That Cameron Artis-Payne

*Give me a sign, Brady.* David Cobb or Cameron Artist-Payne plz &gt;“I can’t afford a raise in taxes, I can’t afford the increase in wage — I can’t afford it,” said Cameron, who has donated $16,000 to the party since 2010, personally and through his company.

I wonder if the irony is lost on them. He's clutching at straws. Trying to goad kippers into tactically voting Tory. I have very little respect for Cameron atm. I thought we already did bring it to the UK? David Cameron has the personality of a cunt and he somehow won the election. So if there's one thing the UK borrowed from America it's gotta be our ability to elect total cunts.  Welcome to the team, mate! If you could add me on skype at CameronHh465, I'd appreciate it! I argued that they were factually incorrect when claiming David Cameron hadn't debated Ed Miliband and then gave my opinion that debates were terrible anyway.  Just because you've thrown yourself into a fit over your inability to read isn't my problem. Would like to see Cameron Artis-Payne, RB from Auburn God damn Forman would probably be in the building alone because of having an argument with Cameron earlier. We could write an entire episode of Forman getting CO poisoning. 

At the very end House figures it out and they save Forman [Cameron Love](http://www.freeones.com/html/c_links/Cameron_Love/) Ed balls and Cameron both got firsts as far as I am aware. Cameron has to say that UKIP won't win any seats. Same as Miliband has to say he won't cut a deal with the SNP. They are going to do it aren't they?

They are actually going to let Cameron back in rather than working with the SNP...

It's as if the party actually has a death wish.  [NFL.com Draft Profile](http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/profiles/cameron-artis-payne?id=2552375) [NFL.com Draft Profile](http://www.nfl.com/draft/2015/profiles/cameron-artis-payne?id=2552375) [NFL.com mirror: 2015 Combine workout: Cameron Artis-Payne](http://a.video.nfl.com/films/s2014/nflcom/w01/150311_event_combine_artis_payne_cameron_3200k.mp4)

 Staying up for McVey, Farage and Clegg. 

If it's confirmed early-ish that Cameron's out, I may crack open a bottle of something and pull a sickie, but I fear that may take a few weeks.  Signed, Her Majesty the Queen, Elizabeth II

Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom Mii: Cameron
Flair: Blue Yoshi
I'll probably be in the 200cc  99 Jack Lambert, 99 James Harrison, 99 Cameron Wake

99 Tom Brady, 99 DeMarco Murray
 i remember that game... one of my favorites. I really wanted Cameron to come back to Seattle. Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom I'm not repeating myself yet again.

I don't dislike Torys. I just have no respect for David Cameron. They aren't the same thing.

I'm done here. hey there cameron, glad to be on a team with the smartest person out here Cameron Diaz.  She looks like Nicholsons joker Despite people in this thread calling Cameron delusional, he isn't stupid. Cameron knows the polls and is the leader of the largest party at the moment.

He's only saying this in order to persuade people on the fence to vote Conservative.  I'm from canada so I am just learning the differences between CFB and NFL. 

Impressive prospect none the less! I'm pretty sure we drafted cameron late as well so TEs seem like they can suprise even late in the draft :) I used a picture of myself from when I was 16 and it gave me 37.
Yet [this picture](http://imgur.com/1Kukk9j) tells me David Cameron looks 35 and the older looking man gets 37. ... http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0938283/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1

Due to Camerons Avatar the title isnt Avatar: The Last Airbender. http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/34jycs/turns_out_david_cameron_really_is_a_700_yearold/ How will the Tories get in power if the SNP and Labour both vote down a Conservative Queen's Speech? A divided Left still locks out Cameron. Inb4 someone says "I hope Rosa/Eva/Cameron gets fired"

Please don't wish unemployment on anybody. Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom. 


We hope that this money provides the necessary lift in living standards the people of the Congolese Commonwealth deserve.  Milliband eats a sandwich, Cameron is a rich cunt and Farage said something totally not racist.  James Camerons Avatar. I counted... Watched it 38 times now. *Sure he was.* I believe you, James O'Shaughnessy — David Cameron’s former director of policy. The thing is she was also doorstepped by someone from Trinity Mirror group but obviously that doesn't really fit into her #votecameronout narrative The OP in the pic isnt all too cringey.

But that Cameron fellow is pushing it Me and my flatmates have clubbed together for a nice bottle of Champagne for the event that Cameron or Farage lose their seat. 

I say "for the event", but we're students... Coup d'etat, if Cameron cannot get the support of the majority of the house he should resign. I don't think it's likely that Cameron will lose his seat, just his job. The next prime minister of England will either be David Cameron or Ed Miliband.  I think this is probably the best endorsement the coalition has had. The Economist are very fair and don't pull any punches here (they backed Blair after all) but overall Cameron comes out as a safer pair of hands. Everybody channeling their inner-Cameron today. Keep it going, Walker. I think it's the Panthers. They reached for Shaq Thompson. They gave up a lot to trade up and reach on a shitty version of Kelvin Benjamin in the second. Daryl Williams was an okay pick. David Mayo was a reach. And Cameron-Artis Payne was an okay pick. Morgan, Robin, Cameron. Jess(i)e and Erin/Aaron only if you hear it and don't see it written.  Provided you don't get rid of Eve, I don't see why you wouldn't feed a Pro SV Cameron, especially since, as you said, you get at least 1 SV each 2 days.   Cameron Howe in 13 years. &gt;His 'atheist nightmare' with a moronically grinning Kirk Cameron by his side is satire at it's finest.

If that was an SNL skit, I'd think that they overdid it.  Cameron Maybin, the pride of the West Michigan Whitecaps! Cameron can stick around if she keeps doing that. &gt;pledges to control immigration

Is anyone going to do anything if it turns out he's a lying bastard just like Cameron was when he promised to get it under 100,000?

Ed needs to put aside the rhetoric and get around the negotiating table. Jamie, Jesse, Sam, Cameron, Taylor, Ronny, Frankie, Charlie.  Oh god hahahahaha I just watched the south park episode about the mobility scooter and James Cameron Why are Brad Guzan and Tim Howard listed as "Senior MNT" when Geoff Cameron is listed as "transfer." I mean, I get it doesn't matter, but it's weird.  To be like the Avatar (the Last Airbender not James Cameron). Imagine how sweet it would be to like breath fire or any other crazy thing you can imagine.  Reddick turning Staples into Cameron Indoor West. Cameron Clear's potentially a candidate to switch to OT, I've heard. I know that feel. Feel the same way about Cameron Diaz and Jennifer Aniston Nice bj Cameron Diaz Makes a lesbian comment to 13/calls cutthroat bitch a cutthroat bitch/belittles Cameron/makes fun of the Queen/tells Foremen that he is a black man. Cameron Artis-Payne? Who's this now...wait...rushed for 1,600 yards last year in the SEC. 

Carry on. I dunno [those feels.](http://i.imgur.com/unWSY5R.jpg)  Especially when Cameron Diaz was [starting out](http://i.imgur.com/bvHc1bI.jpg), I thought she was [*crazy* hot.](http://i.imgur.com/pwmrpyQ.jpg) [His name is Cameron](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiz_Khalifa) Non-mobile: [His name is Cameron](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiz_Khalifa)

^That's ^why ^I'm ^here, ^I ^don't ^judge ^you. ^PM ^/u/xl0 ^if ^I'm ^causing ^any ^trouble. [^WUT?](https://github.com/xl0/LittleHelperRobot/wiki/What's-this-all-about%3F) Yeah man. I'm just getting pumped for Week 1. Treat Jordan Cameron well Yup I agree, although the original Avatar gets unfairly shit on constantly, which could hurt the sequels. But it's Cameron, the guy makes the best sequels in the biz. However old Cameron is Cameron was never as hot as she was on The Mask.  That was her peak. I did winter conditioning at his facility and met him once too. Wish I'd known at the time of meeting him that he was the one who served all those hangers to Mike Cameron, would have asked him if he'd spoken to Mike lately.  Cameron "the seamstress" Smith Yeah, Cameron didn't want to get Olerud pegged. For Exhibition it'll be useful. I love me some managers but really only for RTG. Using a +50 manager in Exh and getting that same category twice is not impossible but pretty lucky. Your cards though I'm just saying it could have been Cameron.  We need James Cameron to raise the bar I don't like this question....

Ours was probably Cameron Artis Payne though. IS THAT JAMES CAMERON??? Cameron Meredith was very good for Illinois State this past year.  I'm glad the Best are got him and hope he can do something with them. Nah man, James Cameron got it on film. It was surprisingly good quality for 1912. His name Is James (JAMES) Cameron! Hodge talks nearly as much shit as Cameron Ling.  Introducing the 1st Buttcoin World Leaders Summit, the place where world leaders will come together and make fun of Bitcoin!

Obama, Merkel, Hollande, Putin, Cameron, Renzi, Harper and Abe have all been invited. Anti-climactic from Cameron Justin "Jeremy 'Justin Westhoff' Cameron" Westhoff Hmm Naomi and Cameron looks to have normal body size, as well as Emma. 

But seriously she does seem to be thinner as you said You mean the James Cameron one or the Last Airbender?

 Oh wait silly me, that one doesn't exist. The James Cameron one! HA! I'm English bitch!

Wait? The NHS is no longer around? I'm in a field? Doctors don't exist? Thanks Cameron. http://cdn.themetapicture.com/pic/images/2015/04/20/funny-David-Cameron-photo-crowd-fake-politician.jpg Fuckin Cameron Dallas. Fuck him, he's not even funny. I don't get how he became such a social media sensation. Probably because he's every white teen's wet dream. All american douchemeister  Does anyone actually like him? Apart from Cameron?  There's no reference whatsoever except the fact that Robert Downey Jr. plays Iron Man. I was referring to Cameron's confessional where he uses Iron Cameron. No, you're missing the point. It's not a big amount of money to either of them, Cameron has a 7 figure trust fund and Farage still has his millions from his trading days (along with that good old EU gravy train). Dove cameron pleeeeeaase !!! Miliband criticised Cameron on Libya but that was about all I saw.  Does anyone else think that McCloytown/Cameron Park is going to have some serious social issues when the kids of the Cashed-up Bogans populating the area become teenagers and seek to become Edgier than Edgy? Hopefully Cameron can do likewise if needs come to musts. I don't get why the tuition fee thing is such an issue. Cameron broke loads of promises as well but you don't see him apologising for it.  He was just following suit after the Radio one interview the previous day. Cameron got caught by surprise and handled the question badly. Wish I had a link for you, I am sure someone here will oblige.  People weren't expecting anything different of Cameron. Particularly considering he dismissed Cameron's proposal for a Bill guaranteeing no VAT or income tax rises as a gimmick... I got an Epic Cameron. Now, if only I hadn't already gotten Epic AJ, UR Fusion PP Emma, Fusion Natalya , Legendary Brie, 2 UR AJ's to pro I would be happy. Me too. I'd rather four more years of Cameron and Clegg to letting Boris anywhere near number 10. Cameron Espisito  (comedian) talks about this in one of her specials. It must be the same hotel. All major parties were to blame. At the time the Conservatives felt that Labour were regulating too much: https://tompride.wordpress.com/2012/06/29/lest-we-forget-in-2007-cameron-endorsed-even-less-regulation-of-banks-than-labour/ Jamie, Morgan, Robin, Quinn, Taylor, Alex, Cameron, Casey, Sam, Hayden, Jayden, Peyton, Emerson, Jules, Kendall, Skylar

Aaron/Erin, Sidney/Sydney, Jesse/Jessie, Francis/Frances, Joe/Jo, Adrian/Adrienne,  Cameron really fucking hates being held to account. If he didn't have the backing of the press he would be in real trouble. Sounds like Kirk Cameron, didn't know he wrote some books, I'll be sure to give them a miss. Cameron seems to believe that Phillips plans to return: http://the6thsens.com/2015-articles/chris-phillips-to-have-back-surgery.html si si, tan cagados que se atreven a retar a los que le pagan las hipotecas a rajoy,merkel,hollande,cameron y controlan la usura planetaria, ejercitos de mercenarios/terroristas, etc,etc

la estupidez humana no tiene limites... # [Removed from /r/politics](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/34peku/david_cameron_is_threatening_your_children_no/) [International Politics]

 Exact same height and weight as Megatron, way slower 40.

We might try to bulk him up and put him on the line at TE. Would be great Jordan Cameron replacement. All I hear from British friends is that Cameron is going the first chance they get. So with or without referendum, Dave's going. Do you not feel like your job is redundant as you will never be able to knock Cameron out of his seat especially in such a conservative seat? Here's an example of what I mean: http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/inside-david-camerons-constituency-volunteers-5508519 why should i vote for you and not David Cameron? Yeah, in terms of lies, his against Cameron's, him getting most of the attention is nuts. I know, right? They call Cameron an "Eton tw*t" and posh snob, but then laugh at people like even Miliband because they aren't tough or statesman enough.  Fair enough, I hadn't heard about the tax incentives, that sounds like a good idea. Also, is it true that David Cameron has barely been seen in your constituency?  Check with Cameronsupreme he's probably the most knowledgeable dude out there when it comes to releases from a past year  David Cameron has got to be the worst PM that the UK has had in a long time. I can't think of a single positive thing he has done for the UK. There must be something, but it is far overshadowed by the terrible things he has done/supported. I didn't vote for Cameron though. &gt; Poi boh, di sti giorni sembra che vi manchi la Diaz.

[Hai voglia se mi manca](http://zuqka.nation.co.ke/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/cameron-diaz.jpg) Boris Johnson is a near miss.If he hadn't become a candidate for a safe seat, and David Cameron ended up losing the forthcoming General Election, things would have become very interesting very quickly ... I trained with him since he started in puyallup and move to the two other facilities in auburn. My dad always used to give him a rough time over the Cameron game.  well thank god we have james cameron out there raising the bar I feel that Dempsey typically thrives in a midfield role better than as a forward. If you replaced Zardes with Dempsey and put in Johansson as a second forward, that would be a really good lineup. Maybe play Cameron at the expense of Omar. [James Cameron, the bravest pioneer!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67MRiMT9cnE) The build of Cameron Bruce with half the passion and a quarter of the intensity. The tories definitely blame labour for the crash. I was listening to radio 2 a few days ago and David Cameron  kept going on about it. I was thinking Kirk Cameron. Her and Ed Miliband both looked knackered. David Cameron is holding up better (maybe because he's more used to the media circus?). I don't really envy any of them right now - they must just be looking forward to thursday for a rest. [When you have a complete shitfit over the possibility of a black guy becoming PM, its easy to get confused.](http://np.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/346102/david_cameron_says_the_tories_will_be_party_of/cqrny29?context=10000) Is this the real Clegg? Who knows. Regardless of that I just find it funny all the candidates are able to show a more human side to the camera except Cameron, whose humanity is always blatantly manufactured, favourite football club anyone?  Jordan Cameron was a fourth rounder, so.... Here's hope! They look like David Cameron and Ed Miliband...  Don't forget the part when he tries to infect Cameron too. GTFO. I love that Cameron has pursued a mercantile foreign policy over petty political international dick wrangling. We need to become like Switzerland when it comes to foreign policy even if it means leaving NATO and declaring neutrality. Not current but if you're looking for cringe, from 2010

[Gary Barlow and David Cameron launch School Stars](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hx-fnGngO5g) 

No discussion of politics just endorsement by association really. Maybe this post would better some where else. It's less about star trek and more about bashing Kirk Cameron...it's not even on point  Latest polls see Cameron on top.... dual citizenship may come in handy in the near future. perhaps your right.  Though It was an experiment to recreate the old star trek animated series, with a bit of a twist.  Thanks for the advice, anyone want to point me to a "bashing kirk cameron" sub? Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom

____________

We fully support these terms and are willing to deal with the refusal by the Angolan's should they do so to secure the Congolese Commonwealth. El Decameron Negro is a monster. I don't think Cameron thinks like that at all. I do think Iain Duncan Smith thinks like that though and Cameron giving him free reign on the poor and vulnerable like he has is unforgivable. [plz.let.me](http://www.reddit.com/r/oldpeoplefacebook/comments/34qti9/cameron_needs_to_know_how_much_are_sock/cqx8a8i) My prediction is that unfortunately Cameron will have a minority government with an unofficial pact combining a couple of ukip mps and some of the Irish ones. Unfortunately.  Cameron seems to really like standing on a little platform in a sort of moderately full hall. He always seems to be doing that. Well Cameron might not have physically withdrawn looks as much as everyone else, but he's been sounding a little tired and even sounded a little defeated when he would only serve another term as PM. If I'm honest. If during the debates Cameron said something stupid or insulting and Milliband told him to 'fuck off' I'd be more likely to vote for him  Yeah it seems to be our theme. Remedy health issues by splitting them. Miller/Ajayi, Cameron/Parker. I can't see what anyone's problem with the British Conservatives could possibly be. Cameron is like the most inoffensive, moderate, socially liberal conservative one can imagine. Whats wrong with Kirk Cameron?  Cameron Carpenter's biggest (and probably only) fan is Cameron Carpenter.  Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom The visible tension between Joel Garner and Dave Cameron at the post match conference is almost palpable. Pretty sure it's that Kirk Cameron "Saving Christmas" move from last year.

Still, Madea Christmas can't be much better.

 Cameron Ridley would be a nightmare at TE. It's hard for me to take him seriously after witnessing his death at the hands of Tarik Black up close in 2014, though. deposited a level 35 female luvdisc for a love ball cherubi :3 (couldnt gender lock it because ive never seen one in game before) IGN: Cameron Hey, I just deposited another lvl 35 female luvdisk, do you think I could get a dreamball one this time? I put the right message in this time &lt;3 IGN: Cameron ever heard of this guy named Cameron Wake? Cameron will once again work his magic and A2 will beat the first one with flying colors and get 5b in Box Office. Believe it. To some extent that's true, but Cameron himself has been pro-gay marriage for a while now. He's definitely on the progressive side of his party there.  I love cameron wake. ever heard of the word "rarely"?  Avengers, Titanic, and Avatar. Subtract James Cameron. Now you just have Avengers. ;) But the Tories love the NHS, hasn't Steve heard David Cameron's story about his son? Easily Cameron Wake, that guy is amazing Well, it was Tony Blair for a while, then it was Gordon Ramsay, and now it's James Cameron. Well, eventually the IP is going to want to have an investigation in Outsidera. And Cameron is currently unavailable... [Cameron Diaz](http://www.ign.com/boards/threads/cameron-diaz-got-old-fast.454104185/) Cameron Erving  Ream just isn't very good. He'll be in the mix, but if healthy I can't see him starting over Brooks, Gonzalez, Cameron, or Besler. And I don't know how many more CBs they'd carry on the bench. Ream is not a bad depth guy, but he isn't very good.  Hey, at least it justifies my hate for Cameron and love for Nattie, so...I'm fine with that! Cameron isn't like Merkel!  good to see James Cameron switching careers from Avatar to government BoP

- Dane Cameron

+ Mirco Schultis Goes to show, there is no Terminator without Cameron. He'd tear it apart so fast James Cameron would reconsider making the next 3 movies. I don't know Cameron Whitten, but I would imagine that he felt that he wasn't being heard and that the driver should have recognized him as the special snowflake he obviously is. BROWNS TRADE BLOCK- TE JORDAN CAMERON 93 OVR

BROWNS TEAM NEEDS: HB, DT, OL, DRAFT PICKS Oh look, Cameron Whitten being absolutely ridiculous again. Just as charming as when he went into that downtown McDonalds during an occupy protest, jumped on the counter and screamed at employees.  With Cameron Diaz?  Wasn't it about aliens that were judging humannity based on their willingness to press the button and kill a stranger.  Somewhat tangential I thought. Are we playing guess who? Imma go with Dave Cameron or Glenn Healy To Cameron Whitten being ignored *IS* an emergency.  If its not all about him, then clearly our society is crumbling. [sarcasm] OH MY GOD, Cameron Whitten, why should he be treated like everyone else and not royalty, HE'S CAMERON WHITTEN [/sarcasm]  You forgot a quip to Foreman about being black, a quip to Cameron about being cute and a quip to Chase about....being cute. I always found Cameron Diaz to be a terrible actress. The only film I liked that she's in is The Mask, but that was because of Jim Carrey [Well, this is why.](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1826252/cameron-diaz-the-mask-o.gif) It's basically all because of The Mask. James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is... James Cameron. I'll watch anything from Cameron Crowe. Nice, really liking the Cameron Artis-Payne pick after seeing him be patient and navigate through the line so smoothly. Plus he has an awesome name.  Those look awesome...don't worry, most people on this sub think Scotty Cameron's look good. I may try the same thing w my TM Burners...might try the can of plasti-dip I have lying around tho.  The driver was supposed to get out his tools, immediately fix the vent and the leak, and then commend Cameron Whitten for his heroic effort.

Hopefully the charges will get dropped and Cameron won't get the chance to grandstand some more. His name is James CameronThe bravest pioneer!No budget to steepNo sea too deepWho's that?Its him!James Cam-er-on Actually, I could easily see Segura moved by the deadline. Dave Cameron thinking a trade to SD is quite plausible, and I can almost feel Preller's presence in Miller Park. /u/blueteamcameron I'm particularly interested in your **mint cultivation**.  Perhaps you'd like my **coriander cultivation** in return? Man.. I was hoping for some fun behind the scenes "James Cameron knows frozen writers" trivia Well, since Cameron's awol, she's kind of the acting leader in Outsidera... My name is *James Cameron's Aliens*. [First Day Of My Life - Bright Eyes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zwFS69nA-1w)

The creator of Hedwig and The Angry Inch (Jordan Cameron Mitchell) directed the video by the way. Latest news: Jerran dislikes Cameron He was amazing when he saved Cameron Diaz from that bear. Benedict cumberbatch

Cameron Diaz  Well, they certainly wrestled face on Extreme Rules and Nikki wrestled in a VERY babyface manner on SmackDown vs. Cameron so I think they're babyfaces Did you send from another account? "preggoxxxxx" perhaps?

If not, I did not receive your PM.

cameron at writehere dot com I figured he was English. If so, the answer is David Cameron, but not for long. What is your stand on David Cameron's position on encryption? Do you agree with me that it is too tough, or do you support it? What about piracy? http://i.imgur.com/13IdIDzh.jpg my first go 
Thanks to /u/cameronrad

Final draft? What you guys think ? 
http://i.imgur.com/e68IGAR.jpg

/u/idh1109 
/u/fietsusa
/u/johnwl
/u/xilpaxim? 

 IIRC, this happens in Being John Malkovich too. 

Has Cameron Diaz and John Cusack in it. David Cameron looks more relaxed because up until about a week ago he was doing bugger all. He dodged most of the debates, he only went to highly stage managed photo ops and didn't give any difficult interviews. Who has your vote? Ed Miliband or David Cameron? Oh God, look at the comments! They are all filled with people complaining that David Cameron is too far to the left, that the party has just become Blue Labour as it has yielded to the Guardian Intelligentsia. How delusional can you get?  One example here: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Todd_Willingham

FTR I'm opposed to the death penalty for this reason.  What about the anti-Labour rhetoric coming from mainstream Tories?  Cameron has said that Miliband will destroy the country and the Daily Mail has compared him to Stalin.  My fist and a vagina :( goddammit David Cameron. Already a thread on this: http://www.reddit.com/r/BritishPolitics/comments/34sw7h/general_election_2015_david_cameron_may_attempt/ Rosa Mendes and Cameron. Neither can wrestle and are products of an era of hiring models and reality tv stars as divas instead of talented athletes. Yeah I was hoping it'd be a satirical video with Partridge throwing his support behind Cameron, much like the Hacked Off video he did: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tyGLuVlQp8. Looks like Dave Cameron's in the house. I've never seen a question not answered so efficiently. I don't have a political axe to grind. I think Cameron's constant resort to this obvious joke is actually rather pathetic. Rafeal Bush, S or Cameron Jordan, DE Was it given to him by a burning bush on Primrose Hill?

EDIT: I'm waiting for Cameron to respond by tattooing the Tories pledges on his forehead. Backwards, so he can read them in the mirror. Jordan Cameron for Cameron Jordan Expecting David Cameron to try to hang on to Number 10.  Remember the media out cry at Brown staying in number 10 for 5 days get the feeling David is going to stay on for maybe a month. Even if it becomes clear he has no power in the commons.  No, they have on hundreds of occasions claimed that Labour caused it.

Cameron says this all the time for example. "Do you want to elect the man who's fixing the economy or the man who ruined it?". I'd also argue Jordan Cameron is a higher cap hit (for now) and a less productive player Don't be so cynical dude! Democracy has to be about conversations and trying to change minds! Although Cameron basically insulting Brand would drive anybody to reconsider their opinions more than anything.  Not entirely, given that Ed has spoken out against Murdoch a lot, and that he actually took the effort to visit him, unlike Clegg and Cameron. I didn't know Kirk Cameron was playing Rick Flagg Exactly... people think they have a right to anonymously call Cameron a knobhead in a comment on a YouTube video. That's not what free speech is, idiots. If only Cameron had delivered on all those things he said.  He has 9.61 million followers on Twitter.

David Cameron, Nick Clegg and Ed Miliband *combined* have 1.7 million followers. The 100 business leaders letter endorsing Cameron and warning against a Labour government. They were all Tory donors. Thankfully they have no chance on Thursday to win. It's pretty much Cameron or Miliband. I doubt there would have been much point in Cameron visiting him. lol foreigners 

what if it's the ambassador of Cameroon trying to strike a deal to ensure the supply of socks for his country. Cameron \&gt; Walmart [I'm always reminded of Cameron Poe in *Con Air*.](https://www.google.com/search?q=cameron+poe&amp;es_sm=91&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=vmhHVcyJNIXEggTj3oGYCQ&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAQ&amp;biw=1331&amp;bih=701&amp;dpr=0.9) Yeah the show has been pretty clear that House is who he is and always has been that way... 

Its just fascinating - most shows have characters that you at least empathise with. Wilson and Cuddy are the only two, well, Cameron as well to a degree... though Cameron would have been smart not to call Russell Brand a joke and, by extension, further alienating people who aren't going to vote. Don't forget that it is £3.79 an hour and Cameron is looking to get rid of your child benefits! Era [lui](http://static.screenweek.it/2011/8/26/alphas-1x07-catch-and-release-cameron-hicks-cap_mid.jpg)? O sono io che ho una mira di merda? Sometimes you need a day off.  It was more Ferris and crew vs. the daily hypocritical bureaucracy looming over the heads of teenagers.  

Then there's the 'Ferris is Cameron's imagination' theory.... people who follow russel brand and those who vote conservative are two different types of people. Cameron has not lost out nore has miliband gained anything from this Didn't work out for Cameron or Thirteen. Kirk Cameron is waiting for them at the door to give them the complimentary baptism. Might swing a few undecided voters in some marginals.

Ed's interview may not have been the naff move that Cameron tried to label it. And Metts was coached up really well by Cam Cameron at Lsu, and would have been a much higher pick I think if he hadn't had that ACL injury at the end of his senior season. I said supporting policies.

Policies like the mansion tax and increasing the top rate of tax. Both of which would make them worse off financially.

And (Ed only) decreasing ministerial pay - which would make him worse off than Cameron.

 Cameron literally took questions from a Geordie shore member taking a shit via heat magazine the week before meeting brand.  Seems to have a very short memory Poe Dameron sounds an awful lot like Cameron Poe.

They both look like they'll spend a lot of time in a plane too. Funny, I remember people saying the same about Cameron.

How gullible. Makes sense after all as Aeryn came back through the Stargate with Chrichton and had to take up new identities as Vala and Cameron on Earth so they both got to experience being similar looking species in the other species galaxy. I wonder if that would extend to threatening staff over their vote. I mean, he is saying "Cameron wins or you might be out of a job"... If that was said in any other industry it would be taken another way.  I'm gullible? Or people in general are?

I don't remember anyone saying that about Cameron. Although I admit that doesn't prove nobody said it. /u/blueteamcameron  &gt; Dave Cameron thinking a trade to SD is quite plausible

Yes, but Dave Cameron is literally always wrong about everything.

(I think a Segura trade is possible, but the proposal he put together made no sense at all for the Brewers.) Malignant narcissists like Cameron Whitten will think they are right no matter what. Take away his platform and ignore him, and watch Cameron go bananas. Not true. He convinces Cameron to come with him, because he knows that Cameron needs a break. Empathy. When Cameron kills the car, Ferris offers to take the heat for it (Cameron refuses). Taking responsibility. He's not - CTF ended their contract with H5 in June 2011, over a year before he became Cameron's campaign chief in November 2012. There was no overlap, and so no conflict of interest Cameron threw himself into a pool &amp; pretended to drown!!  That's a little emotionally &amp; psychologically torturing, in itself! I can't believe that Cameron blew this off just to go and make a big speech to his own activists.  No one was capable of matching Cameron's vision. Oh god, why can't they say "yes" to David Cameron meeting one of their organisers? Cameron makes a lot of time to meet his donors.  If we're talking deep, late draft sleepers - Cameron Artis-Payne was a pretty solid back in college and could compete for the backup role in Carolina. Cameron Wake. In addition to a great player we need a quality backup DE. Who you got It wouldn't get that far though. If there's an anti-Tory majority in the Commons, Cameron will get a vote of no-confidence, and it'll be Ed's turn to form a government. David Cameron's last minute electon appeal: the Tories will complete this list for you. Well, there it is. 

that's the reason for Cameron's "career defining" gaffe *and* the reason miliband can turn down any deals flat.

It all makes sense now. Ryan Tannehill and Cameron Wake really laid a solid beatdown on the Nats in that series.  Rang  false to me. Cameron came in on a wave of "big society" crap and now Milliband is saying the same rubbish. [This](http://cameronmoll.com/img/pics/lego2.jpg) is even more simplistic Kirk Cameron as himself. But 90s Cameron Diaz.... I found David Cameron  "Aliens" is like that too. Cameron did an awesome job of making it feel like they were against a massive army, yet they only had something like six Alien suits to work with. **Cameron**
___
*Cam dangled from his knife as Barry crawled up toward him.*

"If you give me a foot hold I can jump up easy enough."

*Cam let his foot dangle over where Barry was climbing up. looking for a hand or shoulder to step onto as a base.* The way you wrote that I thought that was a comment form Mr Cameron. Clegg faces a backbench rebellion in the prospect of another ConLib coaltion, and Cameron faces a 1922 Committee attack from the right should he go for another coalition.

It seems the frontbench is willing, but party MPs and members are not. Brown took his time last time... And there'd be no political points to gain in that scenario for Cameron. That's a really good point. It annoys me as I feel a Lib-Lab coalition would be a decent result. You're right though, he does seem to be cosying up to Cameron much more, even though his manifesto arguably has more in common with Labour. Well no, calling Brand a joke is far to kind, but I understand Cameron has to be politically correct. I watched that movie recently and was on the verge the whole time of turning it off because of how much of a dick Ferris was to Cameron. He pissed me off to no end.  I suspect the reaction of the operator *might* have been different if Cameron were white... that's just a speculation, of course. ***Ferris Bueller's Day Off*** --when the Parking Lot attendants race off in Cameron's dad's car and take it on a punishing joy ride. nice try, Cameron "Can we get Cameron and Sloane to have a gratuitous sex scene before he takes off in the Ferrari?" Every single betting agency is putting better odds on Ed Milliband being PM than David Cameron.

EDIT: Watch as you get downvoted for a statement that is true, who mad now there was an identical car to the one he smashed that went on sale this week for £9,500,000 

if i were camerons dad i would have hung them both Milliband has gained an endorsement which has heavy sway with the youth and has come away looking like a good guy and Cameron has hurt his image. There is plenty to take away from this. No love here for Dave Weckl?  He is my #1, but admittedly more in the fusion camp than jazz or bop - otherwise Ill go with Jack DeJohnette or Clayton Cameron. I'd vote for Cameron if he had that pledge. Cameron can play but he's one bad hit away from a season ending concussion. Cromartie is good, but I think his age might be catching up to him, and who knows how much longer Revis can stay effective. So Cameron's imaginary friend has an equally imaginary girlfriend, but Cameron doesn't? Man, that kid has low self esteem. Thanks for giving a fair and non-combative response. I have an affinity for the Dolphins since we have so many of your players, and now you guys have Jordan Cameron. Geoff Cameron. On paper he looks like he should be one of America's best players, as he plays pretty much every week in the EPL... But for the national team he is so shit.  Well, David Cameron is a corporatist twat, so I don't think he really has much room to stand on when it comes to Christian morality &gt; Apart from the number of suicides going up

Cameron definitely did this. 

 When I read about "Dameron Poe alongside his X-wing" I first thought of [this.](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/p__/images/6/64/Cameron-poe.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150215224929&amp;path-prefix=protagonist) There's a post going around on Tumblr saying James Cameron has made less problematic films than Joss Whedon and I think that speaks volumes about how silly this backlash is. Double the TDs and add a couple hundred yards for me. He'll have some quiet games but he will have more than one 100 yard game. He's going to be a TD targeting favorite for Tannehill opposite Cameron. Who gets more TD's Cameron or Parker?  this could be an interesting side bet. I think if they both played the same # of games - Cameron.  Hopefully he can stay healthy

 Huh?  Tom and Cameron are both global A listers and were excellent guests.  Loads of humor, both enjoyed the shit out of the drive etc.

There are plenty of other A list celebs that were great fun. Labour look more likely than the Tories to *command* a majority, and therefore be able to pass votes in parliament. Many are suggesting Cameron would try to hang on as PM without that Well, Cameron said the EU referendum would be in 2017, Junker said 2019. Opinions can and do change drastically in that amount of time.  Brooks is really young and talented. Cameron is clearly better. Gonzalez is more talented though more apt to make mistakes. Besler is our best CB over the last 2 years. Yes, and IIRC it uses the director's cut more than the original release. Not surprising, as OSC was working with Cameron during filming, so didn't deal with the studio's meddling. I agree with you on Cameron and Besler. Actually, Ferris is imaginary. So are Sloane and Cameron because it's a fictional movie. My guess is Parker will have more than Cameron, but Juice scores more than both. Right of centre 48% (refuse a deal with Labour) 

- Conservative 33%
- UKIP 15%

Centre 9% (will deal with either)

- Lib Dems 9%

Left of centre 43% (refuse a deal with Cameron)

- Labour 34%
- Green 5%
- SNP 4% &gt; By trying to exclude one party you are falling into the trap that Cameron was walked I to which us fueling the rise if the SNP. 

You say that like it wasn't a deliberate and cynical move on the part of the Tories. Time enough to counter Cameron if we act quickly David and Samantha Cameron visisted a Sikh temple, a place of worship. 

This was a political rally organised by the Labour party in a public venue. 

Hardly the same? Guys, I think we found Cameron. Late to the party, but maybe it also has something to do with this. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kali_(software) 
Isn't that similar to Cameron's vision for Mutiny? It says that the original version came out in 1995 but Cameron thinks ahead of time. If Cameron stays healthy, him. He can catch a ball 12 feet in the air, perfect redzone tool. He's seriously a monster healthy It's Snoop Dogg, /u/cameron_gv Be careful when you jack it up, run it in reverse to back the miles off of the odometer, I've heard you can kill a car if your not careful at this altitude.  (I'm looking at you Cameron!) Phins added Kenny Stills from NO, arguably upgraded at TE with Cameron, and drafted DeVante Parker in the first round. Wallace wasn't utilized optimally and Stills really fills whatever void he left in terms of production. &gt; Not really. As with all these polls that 'I would definitely stay in the EU' still builds on the premise of a static EU, or an EU without Cameron's reforms.

And when *that* question is asked, support for staying in the EU is even higher. David Estrada, Cameron Iwasa. I'd say Vukovic but he seems like a guy who doesn't like the spotlight on him.  &gt;Bye Dave, the big society has spoken

I was taking issue with that part - as society would still appear to prefer Cameron to Miliband. Seats are not society, the population is. I thought there were only rumours, but [well...](http://www.thejc.com/articles/david-cameron-my-values-are-yours)

[What more can I say?](http://thelondonpost.net/david-cameron-talks-of-his-jewish-ancestry-to-israel/) Remember Cam Cameron? Because I do. We have more talent now, but talent means little in a broken system with bad play calling. Remove the cave part and you just described Kirk Cameron I'm not sure it's a new interpretation. Portugal's first goal against the US in the World Cup came about because Geoff Cameron miscleared the ball to a herd of attackers behind him and the entire US defensive line. I'll check it out.  Cameron is pretty good, too--educated as a historian, ex naval officer.  Miles Cameron = Fantasy, Christian Cameron = historical fiction. David Cameron I was a Cameron too. I fucking hate people who manipulate you or twist your arm into doing something you don't really want to do, then tell you they did it for your own good. Different people address Cameron and Ferris as different people.   
The fight club theory is only perpetuated by people who are not entirely familiar with the story.   
 What would happen if the Conservative Party was to have a Majority in Parliament, but you beat David Cameron in your constituency? See this is what you get when you share those videos of Miliband being egged or Cameron being jeered at. The press are responsible for this, but its the only logical way for parties to respond to today's atmosphere I see about 800 yards 6 TDs this year from him, it's hard to account for who Tannehill's favorite target behind Landry will be, with the new additions of Stills, Parker, Jennings and Cameron.  SNP -Con - UKIP.   Cameron to keep power agrees independence and full devolution, in exchange for becoming Prime minister without other restrictions on power. Cameron Diaz has been masquerading as Riff Raff for the last several years I like the Cameron pick up, but there are some serious concussion concerns. Ferris Bueller is a big bully. It is a funny movie until you realize that Ferris was not much of a friend to Cameron. He lies and cheats throughout the movie while thinking nothing about his friends feelings.    His name, Cameron Poe Some people seem to have a hard time differentiating the plot from the themes. 

Ferris could potentially represent Cameron's ego or something similar without being a figment of his immagination in the world of the movie. I love the theory that Ferris is really just in Cameron's imagination. It probably has some flaws, but it's a cool idea. /u/ComradeMoose, you really should see this.  

/u/blueteamcameron and /u/edgeheadedguy, you live close enough to the Caliphate that you might as well spectate the upcoming events. Cameron Diaz in *The Mask*. Enjoy the 20 healthy games you get out of Jordan Cameron in the next 3 seasons.  Why is Alicia and Cameron doing this!? Kirk Cameron.  James Cameron's door Cameron Diaz, specifically in there's something about Mary.  The same James Cameron who did True Lies? Seriously? If you were talking about the regular season, I'd say Murray State until they lost Cameron Payne. I really wanted to see him play one more year. James Cameron's ex-wife Kathryn bigelow comes to mind as a known female director. I think it will be like other Cameron Crowe films. Big casts with cheesy, heartwarming writing that I love and most others shit on. Has anyone mentioned Ferris Bueller yet? That guy makes my skin crawl. Complete sociopath. Poor Cameron.. Fun fact: Terrell Suggs says that GRONK is basically a sixth OL, so when they bring in Cameron Fleming, it's like having 7 OL. :-) Have James Cameron make the next transformers movie, include Unicron in the story and use this method for his transformation.
My first one is free Hollywood.
 Thought he looked like [Bonzo from *Ender's Game*](https://cameronmetrejean.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/bonzo-faces.jpg) WOW, Cameron from Ferris Bueller hasn't aged a bit! With Cameron aiming for his 100th goal ;) Yeah, here's an article with the hack quoted. I didn't know any of this prior to my post. I just could smell the stink on my own for some reason. http://defamer.gawker.com/leaked-emails-cameron-crowes-new-bradley-cooper-movie-1670963815 Am i the only one that doesn't like Cameron one bit? Wasn't David Cameron insistent his minority government wouldn't have lasted the summer in 2010 without the liberal democrats? If so, I doubt he'd brazenly cling on to power. He's not a stubborn enough character. He isn't Thatcher. I don't think the Nats need to keep Cameron Slater happy. /u/trollabot cameronabab The quantity of homeless people is a damming figure in Manchester. Cameron should be ashamed, all the budget cuts hitting the most vulnerable people, but they don't vote do they.  Really disappointing. I wonder who we can get to cover them?

McKenzie: One of Cameron or Leslie.

Matera: Aaron Hall

Bennel: Uh... Luke... Russell? How's Danny Stanley doing with his injury? Neither is Cameron's name in your local constituency. I can't remember exactly, but surely "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" has some reckless driving in Cameron's dad's sweet convertible.  The problem the Independent will have is trying to convince it's  dwindling readership that it is an editorial not a proprietorial decision given Lebedev's connection with Cameron and that his other mouthpiece, The Standard is pro Tory.  Fair point, but Cameron is the leader of the tory party, so it can be assumed that a vote for an MP of his party will translate to him getting the PM job. Juncker isn't the leader of the EPP, Manfred Weber is.  What have been some truly memorable Melee moments for you in the past couple of years?

Will you ever relent and read/watch One Piece or kill Cameron with a tp roll before then? I didn't get a choice to vote for Cameron or any party leader.... Typical.  The Death Star was a publicly funded project but as soon as it starts to turn a sizeable profit then Cameron and cronies want to privatise it.   I wonder what James Cameron will think of this.

 It's completely different to our system. Cameron wasn't selected after the election. People knew what they were getting. I don't know Cameron well enough to assess who really is the worst. Merkel is pretty bad though. Brown was asked to stay on by the Cabinet Secretary to make sure that there was a government for the duration of the negotiations. In all due likelihood Cameron will be asked to do the same.  There's no guarantee that Cameron will be prime minister (assuming the Tories win) for the full five years. He could be replaced after an internal power struggle. How very Soviet. My first sex dream was about Cameron Diaz. This was shortly after watching her in The Mask. Thanks cameron, you took the joke and shot it behind the barn.  It's the same shite just with a different angle, what team does Cameron actually support, which party will sort the housing crisis and stalking the political leaders. 

 They have shifted the debate though. Look at how every party, especially the Tories, are pandering towards UKIP voters. Do you really think Cameron would be offering an EU referendum if it wasn't for the insurgent UKIP biting at his heels?

 There must be an above zero chance of it happening though, the mere fact that Cameron is offering a referendum if he wins shows that there is a chance. Actually, Cameron has no power to appoint or sack APPG chairs, it's done by ballot.



Agree he sounds like a tasteless prick though. If he voted against same sex marriage, he wouldn't be David Cameron's mouthpiece. Places like Bath and and Outer London are  jammed with crazy SNP brownshirts it seems. No doubt Cameron has carefully stage managed this just like Jim Murphy did. james cameron is so good he's hard to live up to Do you believe David Cameron is racist against Scots? UKIP will naturally support the Tories on most things anyway, no need for a deal. Throw a bit of money the DUP's way and Clegg is happy to whore himself out, if those 4 end up at 323 or more Cameron will get back in And Merkel, and Cameron, Nutanyahoo, ed: Hollande, Thorning-Schmidt, hopefully not Tsipras, and pretty much every other elected leader in the Western world. I had the same dilemma of needing to replace Legendary AJ and got WM Cameron, I guess it's an upgrade  Scotty Cameron putters are overpriced pieces of crap. You just stole that a Cameron Diaz movies, which I believe stole it from a different movie..... I forgot where I was going with this Kirk Cameron All hail Azor Ahaimes Cameron! Made me laugh because he actually seems to know his shit about Manic Miner. Stark contrast to David Cameron to his West Ham support. http://www.theeuroprobe.org/2014-025-camerons-promised-referendum-is-a-trap/

Essentially, we need the referendum before March 2017 otherwise we will never be able to leave the EU.  Christ if we don't get a battle angel movie before Cameron dies I'll kill him myself In vote share - actual public opinion - Tory/ukip could end up with 50% +. Comfortably the biggest block. There is a right wing majority in the public of the UK. Cameron would be perfectly mandated to try and carry on.  I have had good luck with ubreakifix near Cameron Village. They work on laptops, phones, tablets, etc. They also took about an hour with my iPhone and determined they couldn't fix it, but didn't charge me for looking at it. Cameron Diaz is an advocate for pubic hair. I don't get it but she's a sexy woman and even if she wasn't, she gets to do what she wants with her hair, wherever it is. Has any indication of what is being defined as exploitative though? I always figured it was just Miliband's method of replying to  the drop in unemployment, without having to admit that Cameron hasn't caused the next apocalypse.. That's James cameron world  Then again James Cameron built a giant mockup of the RMS Titanic for his film... Loads, but one that stands out is:

Matt Cameron when he's playing with Soundgarden - makes odd time signatures sound completely normal I disagree that he was miscast. I think the issue was that he had so much screen time with Cameron Diaz that it was impossible for him to pull out the right performance. Although, I still think he did a really good job. TL: DR = *With just two days to go before Britain goes into polls, prime minister David Cameron is going all out to appease the Indian Hindu community in UK...* Leg Brie, Steph, or AJ. Used to have great luck with the Divas, but now not so much. Need one more of those for Pro's. Getting killed with my Survivor Cameron. G1,

Fuck: Miliband

Marry: Farage

Kill: Cameron

G2,

Fuck: Sturgeon

Marry: Wood

Kill: Bennett.  I'm well aware of the FPTP rules, but you said this:

&gt; If the majority of people vote against Cameron

I'm saying that is very unlikely to happen.

 Stewart Copeland

Pete Thomas

Roger Taylor (Duran Duran and Queen)

Matt Cameron

Clem Burke

Andrea Vadrucci

Dave Grohl

Ray Luzier Couldn't care less so long as it's Miliband in No 10 and not David Cameron.  Jack and Jill

Grown Ups 2

Transformers: Age of Extinction

The Grand Budapest Hotel

A Good Day To Die Hard

Spy Kids 4D

Whiplash

Annabelle 

Kirk Cameron saves Christmas

Annie (remake)

Paul Blart 2

John Wick This is all getting rather tedious from both sides. The party that can pass a queens speech wins, until we have some electoral reform the rest is just both sides blowing hot air. If Cameron can pass one he's legitimised, if Milliband does he is. Not so much just hype, but we are largely unproven. While the Jets and Bills have vastly improved head coaches and solid groups of players, we have Stills, Juice, Parker, Miller, Ajayi, and Cameron who are all under 25. We could easily go either way.  Fuck Miliband, Marry Cameron, Kill Farage (poor Clegg doesn't get a look in)

Fuck Sturgeon, Marry Wood, Kill Bennett CAMERON, NO! SAY IT AIN'T SO! can you do a realistic prediction of new cameron cabinet without any other party? People who use Scotty Camerons are pretentious fucks who are insecure about their putting and the size of their penis. I just wish we would write "EarthCWake", since it IS Cameron Wake... Hey! James Cameron's Avatar wasn't that bad. &gt;  Hey, maybe former LSU coach Nick Saban and current LSU OC Cam Cameron can put in a good word...oh, never mind.

Hahahahahaha that was good We have a government, but no MPs. David Cameron, for example, is still PM, but not an MP. Kirk Cameron preaches the truth. no mention of the same thing happening when David and Sam Cameron where at a Sikh temple?  With Parker, Stills, Cameron AND possibly Jennings there. I wouldn't have him as a 1 or a 2. Maybe a flex player. Reserves maybe. Being a Miami fan, I'll probably go for Cameron first then Juice. 
 I met Miliband. He seemed nice enough. I met Cameron. He seemed nice enough. Haven't met Clegg, Farage, Sturgeon or Wood. I assume they would be nice enough.
 just got my KOTR Reward...was hoping to pro my SV Eve, SV Eva Marie or SV Cameron and what do I get...................SV ROSA...bummer Yeah they will, they want a ref if there is a transfer of power so not too far to stretch to just let them have a ref. Nick Clegg said as much on Andrew Marr...as long as he gets his red lines then Cameron can have his.  The Conservatives *do* form the government at the moment. David Cameron is the Prime Minister, in case you hadn't noticed. The Guardian sure has a knack for pushing the buttons of its left-leaning audience with titles like this. Maybe a cartoon of Dave Cameron snapping Tiny Tim's crutches in half would be a nice addition. because david cameron has made government and the election about the deficit and their position on austerity Kleio Valentien &amp;amp; Cameron Canada



http://gfycat.com/GloomyArtisticDore [Cameron Canada in Tattooed Anal Sluts 2](http://www.cliphunter.com/w/1824067/Cameron_Canada__Tattod_Anal_Slut) [Source](http://xhamster.com/movies/1781369/cameron_canada_pov_gagging_blowjob.html)  Franceska Le helping Cameron Canada keep quiet



http://i.imgur.com/2MfTk0m.jpg Hames cameron needs to raise the bar again!  Cameron Canada &amp;amp; Maia Davis



http://www.gfycat.com/VibrantDistortedFurseal Cameron Canada gags down 6 dudes in this rough and sloppy blowbang, wow she's a trooper.



http://es.xhamster.com/movies/3154982/cameron_canada_blowbng...bd32.html Cameron Canada Big Black Cock Throat fuck drool. fuck yeah gif



http://25.media.tumblr.com/9a3eadbbed5b27324eb93070eeaff953/tumblr_moxsprMikq1sshi03o1_400.gif Cameron Canada - MrAnal 2014-01 - 000008.80.566x318



http://i.imgur.com/RqOa9hD.gif Cameron Canada - MrAnal 2014-01 - 000026.104.401x225



http://i.imgur.com/U17j3BS.gif &gt; and that's presuming Lib Dem will agree to work with UKIP.

Or that Cameron would. It'd be a big pain in the arse + loss of face just for three or four seats.  /u/blueteamcameron Thank you Cameron!

Keep up the good word of mouth or i'll have to post some of our high school videos :) DC stands for david cameron. Super glad to know you're alive! I don't think I could survive on Jordan Cameron Go! I was wondering how long it'd take for you to mention that Mr Cameron  Or Cameron might just resign when it becomes clear that he doesn't have the support of the house. Who would you like for Prime Minister?

A) The current Leader of the Labour Party

B) Ed Milliband

C) Anyone but Cameron, so Labour I don't know this headline at least suggests it,

[The British Establishment Is Losing Its Shit at the Thought of a Labour-SNP Government](http://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/queen-palace-coup-miliband-snp-cameron-huitson-345) [your welcome](http://www.sextvx.com/en/video/510363/cameron-canada-wet-food-5-apr) Well when you have a director like Cameron Crow, the music is always amazing.

Totally agree though, one of my top 3 favorite movies...also Almost Famous is in there, I kinda have a Cameron Crow boner. Plus Cameron and Boris weren't even in the same year or house at Eton. You can read all about it here: http://jackiechan.com/blog/2013/10/20/meeting-james-cameron/ Well, this one flew under the radar too.  Same thing, a few weeks back.  All together out front, yet gender segregation inside.

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/general-election-2015/11547287/David-and-Samantha-Cameron-visit-Sikh-temple.html Nice try Mr Cameron I wonder how James Cameron Spiderman would have came out.

I think Spidey is in a very sensitive situation. Sony can't afford to botch this one because it will be canon in the Marvel Universe.  Were they? Seems unlikely given that Boris Johnson is 2 years older than David Cameron, and Cameron is 5 years older that George Osborne. Our system doesn't allow for it. The current government remains in power (indeed it would even do so if Cameron or others lost their seats) till the new one is formed.  Cameron Diaz's evil twin Argue the rule book with Cameron Smith.  "Difficult decisions" seem to have been Cameron's main buzzwords this election. Same with Dave Cameron and Kiley McDaniel.

I also really enjoy Carson Cistulli on Fangraphs Audio. Yeah, but James Cameron... :( Did anybody get crushed or decapitated?

Also that's James Cameron not Steven Spielberg, Cameron almost drowned himself making The Abyss. Cameron Smith doesn't argue the rule book, he explains it. Farage is actually a really good politician. 

I dont agree with any of his policies but at least hes got something about him Cameron and Miliband have the combined charisma of a plank of wood. Channel your inner James Cameron and explore the deep sea Hah, I closed the tab after I saw that Cameron was resorting to `answers.generic_answer_2015.run(); forehead.sweat();`. I didn't expect Boris to say anything special. You can tell why Cameron never became a ring announcer anyone else have a crush on caroline cameron? Romo and Dez. 

They beat out current hometown guys Cameron Jordan, Prince Amukamara, Brooks Reed and Brett Hundley with ease.  Ryan Cameron annoys me too [My fingers are crossed for Cameron Crowes new movie...](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1243974/)

Now thats a cast. Does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron. Don't forget Cameron at TE...I'm really high on him right now He wasn't miscast, I think he might have been just a bit too young and fresh. Not to mention he was going up against a POWERHOUSE like Daniel Day-Lewis and had Cameron Diaz of all people to share a shitload of screen time with. Don't dis Ryan Cameron pls. Slightly less than Cameron's conservative advisors. The scene in **The Counselor** where Javier Bardem describes what Cameron Diaz did TO the car. When Cameron was in Egypt's land. . . Any Cameron match makes me rethink life  We did start Cameron Bradfield at RT that day, though. Watt vs. Bradfield would have been ugly. Let my Cameron goooo I have a pair of Survivor Daniel Bryan's, Cameron's and Y2J's. No way I'll get them all ready, but will one of them help me get there or nah? How did it take this long for her to get sick of Cameron's bullshit?  Every other position on the team is better this year than last year except TE(Cameron was hurt most of the year anyways) and with the possible exception of QB.  They went 7-9 last year, not great but not the third worst team in the league. Want: Adamant 6 IV

Deposit: Level 7 Male Whismur

IGN: Cameron

Thank you so much for doing this give away, appreciated! :)
 The hallucination sounds cool and I always thought the organic web shooters was an improvement.  Otherwise it sounds a bit mental.  But then Cameron has never made an actually bad film so who knows. James Cameron probably has it locked somewhere along with the holy grail Cameron Wake and Bake. King of The Tannehill. Suh Me. The More You Knowshon. It's Miller Time.  He shot 110 [lefty](http://www.pga.com/news/golf-buzz/rickie-fowler-cameron-tringale-play-18-holes-left-handed) oh lawd if James Cameron gets a hold of this we could have our own Pandora After reading the comments, I'm really disappointed that Cameron didn't add "Fur sho" at the end of that weed comment Reminds me of James Cameron's Avatar As a Dolphins fan, I wouldn't draft any of our receivers. Too many receivers, Cameron and Parker will be taking goal line passes from each other, and all are good enough to keep each other down in fantasy.  Don't forget Cameron too.  I can count the amount of people on one hand that liked Vanilla Sky. Im not a Cameron Crowe fan at all, but I loved this to pieces. I saw it twice in theaters, even. It's the only Cameron Diaz performance I ever bought/enjoyed.  I was taking LIb Dem as centre, as they will deal with Cameron or Miliband; Labour, SNP and Green as left as they won't deal with Cameron; and Conservative and UKIP as right as they won't deal with Miliband. Cameron keeps pushing it, so why not. If they actually end up losing the election then it's bye-bye Jim by the time Cameron waves from No. 10 You could apply that to any politician. Compared to the other party leaders Farage is very candid about UKIPs mistakes. When was the last time you heard Miliband or Cameron say 'we got this wrong' ? Apparently James Cameron isn't too big on VR.

http://www.engadget.com/2014/10/30/james-cameron-virtual-reality/ They could have James Cameron come out and read that comment and it would take up 40 more vhs tapes. It took 3 vhs tapes to sink a damn ship. This is the third game of the series, so were the other matches played during this same year?

What year was the Cameron Cup established? I assume later than 1893. Damn there is a lot of "blasting" these days. What is it with the headlines? "Cameron JABS Ed" "Farage SLAMS Cameron", "Salmond FILLETS Ed", so much clickbait... Speak to Cameron at Central City Cars, cars are decent and cheap. Wasn't it Cameron who invented it? Or used it in public at least. I knew there was a good reason I hated it. Adding a cheeky pic to assert my point declines the quality of conversation? I think your complaining about the quality of posts is as much of a shitpost as mine own comment and also that of the chap calling Cameron a cunt. Lib Dems being in government with UKIP would not be happy at all... a party member revolt wouldn't surprise me. Hell, I could imagine Clegg losing it and lamping Farage. Cameron really dislikes UKIP as well. I wonder how a long a video of David Cameron's scripted responses would go for?

Every time he's asked a difficult question, he says the exact same thing. I find him completely untrustworthy. I fail to see what would possibly be considered left wing about David Cameron. 

He is pro-tax cuts, anti-public spending and pro-privatisation.  [It was Cameron when I did it.](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/mlp/images/f/f6/Farnsworth_I_don't_want_to_live_on_this_planet_anymore.jpg)  The amount of resilience it must be taking Cameron to stand among the peasants. thank god, Cameron miles ahead Cameron Stewart is an odd one - he was decent for us on loan 2 seasons ago , will score the odd screamer but also struggles to make an impact in some games.  David Cameron is to the left of Tony Blair and Libs never actually won anything nationally. They are going from sad third to a death kneel 4th or 5th. It's worrying that they're trying but the fact is, it won't work. If Cameron can't command a majority in the Commons, he simply is not Prime Minister. It really doesn't matter what the press has to say about it. I'd rather Ed Milliband than David Cameron any day. Oh wow, I didn't actually realise which one he played, I didn't recognise him but he is named in AoU so he may have some more roles in the future.

[AoU Spoilers] http://marvelcinematicuniverse.wikia.com/wiki/Cameron_Klein Jesus calm down. The reason Cameron got in was that his party had the most votes. How the fuck did you allow in Blair? Jeez, the anti-tory jerk is strong. David Cameron should personally come and take them down because Scotland Just what I was about to say.

Surely to some, a topless man would be just as distracting!

Assuming it's not [Cameron](http://i.imgur.com/7XWcDMp.jpg) or Eric Pickles. Cameron referred to "Labour's recession" just this morning on Radio 4, before going on to mention that bloody "there's no money" note yet again. that's a shame. at least there would have been some entertainment around here. right now all we have is cody hitting on the girls and cameron running away screaming from everything Cometti and ~~mcaveney~~ ~~maceveny~~ ~~macavaney~~ Bruce.

Maybe throw Dunstall in there as third, or for half time discussion.

Cameron Ling on the boundary. I agree, as long as Cameron and his [Bullingdon cronies](https://iconicphotos.wordpress.com/2010/03/14/the-bullingdon-club/) get kicked to the curb I'll be happy. I thought you where going to say that you saw Cameron in the pits.  He/She may have voted for Cameron if they voted... Absolutely but it's more the shift towards Cameron that's interesting. The smart money goes last. They can't. The only way SNP could block a government policy is if the Conservatives vote with them (or, assuming Cameron stays in, if Labour votes with them). True but more ukip voters are former tory voters who think Cameron is too left wing etc. DM readers are largely UKIP supporters even though the DM is as tory as you can go and its funny seeing their comments on the DMs anti-ukip articles. Good god why is Cameron hairless? Seeing as it's a James Cameron film, I'm gonna go with a WYSIWYG interpretation.  BRB, getting some diving qualifications...

Or tricking James Cameron into letting me use his submersible pod thing It's not a coincidence that the latest member is a 'Mr D Cameron' [Chin chin](http://www.independent.co.uk/incoming/article9938016.ece/alternates/w460/5-DavidCameron-getty.jpg) I know the papers are going on about RED ED. but this brings a different meaning with cameron. Hah! David Cameron's fav clubs are Villa AND West Ham!  Cameron Bairstow. Fucking kangaroos... Near Dark. Fucking excellent flick.  Directed by Kathryn Bigelow who was James Camerons wife at the time. I think that's why there was so much cast overlap. There's a Marque in the movie with Aliens up on it too as a cute little easter egg.  Don't care. Whoever isn't Cameron's party or UKIP. Because Cameron  has no spine, and the UKIP sounds an awfull lot like our local right wing parties. Nazi's in fancy costumes. It's not remotely a similar style. James Cameron's movies have shitloads of different characters. Or does Neytiri really strike you as a "smartass"?? He's the exact same size as Cameron Wake. He also ran a 4.51 at the combine. He's not slow, and he's not small.  It was UKIP's success in the local elections in 2013 that made Cameron promise an EU referendum. But if Labour don't stop being so hostile to the idea of working with the SNP, they can just blame Milliband for Cameron forming a minority government and won't take any flak for it. http://www.bristolpost.co.uk/Cameron-did-burn-pound-50-note/story-18380943-detail/story.html I was actually thinking of making a porno today, with the following characters. 

Davis Cameron   

Fred Miliband

Nick Gregg

Nicole Surgeon

Neil Farage

Leona Wood

Natalia Bennett



I'll call it Erection Day. The Indie are supporting Cameron.

http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/may/04/independent-conservative-liberal-democrat-coalition-cameron-clegg We need James Cameron to raise the bar. Labour party did it first.

edit: And it shouldn't be sorry Nigel, both Cameron and Miliband have said current levels of immigration is too high. I love your work, especially in Aliens! Would you ever want to work with James Cameron again, maybe on an Avatar movie? I have to go back to my old address to vote and I really can't be bothered.

But I still will because I want Cameron out. There's a very long answer to that question. I'd say our typical Right-wing is more Farage than it is Cameron, although without the anti-immigration stance and more emphasis on family values/religion.  Now I'm wondering if he's actually hit puberty yet.

Edit: [Maybe he hasn't...](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/10478207/David-Cameron-laments-he-cant-grow-a-full-moustache.html) ^^^[Telegraph] Cameron Botticelli signed with San Diego as an *undrafted free agent*, if that's what you meant. Practice squad is determined after final roster cuts are made at the end of the preseason.  Thursday is a half day so go today. Bring a lot of resumes, NOV, Saudi Aramco and Cameron are all taking resumes and conducting interviews on the spot.


 This isn't true, only the monarch can declare war. Yes this will normally happen at the request of parliament, but it means if Cameron/Milliband did just decide to go to war without support they couldn't.  The wars were, hands down the worst thing Labour did and the worst decision made by a British Government for years.

But David Cameron supported them. He's no better on this than Blair.  Don't sleep on Dion Sims, either. Could be very good if Cameron can't go. Compared to Cameron who comes with IDS, Gove, Pickles etc... (not that I'm saying you're wrong, just adding some context). I'm probably voting labour for the same reason - I'm fucked if Im going to prop up Cameron after his "We need to have permanent austerity" speech from a throne of fucking gold to some of the richest people in the land. Stupid journalists taken in by "activists" communicating with them on Twitter. Cameron and Clegg itching to bomb Assad into oblivion, having already bombed the fuck out of Libya with the help of the French.  Don't feel bad about the Cameron stuff  Watch them all. The other two are not terrible. They just look different because James Cameron didn't direct them, Arnold isn't in Salvation, and they keep changing the look of John Connor. This is why they need Cameron and not Farage. Farage would think that it's "immoral". UKIP is just another Nazi regime. Nah, you mistaken Cameron's Avatar. Sadly there never was film about young boy who can bend all four elements and cary balance in the world. I mean, if there was any, i bet everyone would know about it, right? But there's none, sadly. Fuck David Cameron. I hope David Cameron evaporates. Fabian Johnson, Geoff Cameron, Alfred Morales, Rubio Rubin, Aron Johansson, etc. - basically any Americans in Europe Amazing! Really liked David Cameron as Joffrey. To quote a girl at my work today: "I never vote. I don't know how. Who's prime minister, is it David Cameron?" and when someone confirmed it was she said "is he labour?" I'm glad you respect the will of the voters. The media and David Cameron are all seeming to takey the anti-SNP stance and I wasn't sure how voters in other parts of the country feel about it. Cameron's obviously fearing for his job though. SOME people argue Aliens is better than Alien.  I don't think they even compare.  But I guess it's personal taste: Suspense vs Action, Scott v Cameron. FPTP is actually more difficult to understand in it's philosophy.  However, in it's application it is dead simple and that is what Cameron was saying.  
 David Cameron is no Tywin Lannister..  ALSO FUCK THAT DAVID CAMERON GUY! For me it's Cameron Diaz in Gangs of New York, hands down. 
 Heh you said Cameron from House and all I could think was Emma from Once Cameron Diaz in anything ever.  Na, probably vote conservative. As based leader Cameron says, need to continue the long term economic plan, can't risk Labour.  I personally find Cameron eating a hot dog with a knife and fork 1 million times more offensive than a bad eating of a sandwich.

A knife and fork for a hot dog?! What is he, some sort of alien? So you're hoping for another 5 years of Cameron and Clegg?

 Trumpton says Mr Cameron isn't a Fireman, as he hasn't had a pay freeze, increased pension contributions and shitier conditions of employment forced upon him.  He is infact the more akin to the bastard lovechild of Satan and Katie Hopkins. His opponents are probably pretty happy about this, this reflects pretty awfully on Labour supporters. 

Might as well make a song about David Cameron to the tune of Free Nelson Mandela.

 James cameron's Avatar We need James Cameron to find the bar and raise it back up!

http://new1.fjcdn.com/comments/4169235+_4f87182240b95799279a129621eea70f.png I'm starting to think Cameron has bribed a few Ukip candidates to say stupid things, thus persuading potential Ukip voters to go back to voting for his bunch of less overtly cuntish minions. Since when is a vote for Lib Dems a vote for Cameron? change will be a lot easier under Ed Miliband than David Cameron Sounds like a challenge. I can see James Cameron making the recovery into an IMAX film. ;) Cameron Sutton or Derek Barnett.  Cameron Diaz in gangs of New York. I have yet to finish that movie.  Don't mention Rob Ford and nobody would mention Cameron.

Deal? Cameron can say he's the king of the world and start eating cereal for dinner for all it matters. If the Tories, LDs and DUP can't get 323 seats between them he can't command confidence in the house, Labour gets to propose a Queen's Speech. Either way, pleasenotcamereon, pleasenotcameron. Maybe but then there's SNP too. I think they'll do whatever they have to to keep Cameron out I'd be much happier with that than Cameron. I'd still have Obama over anything the Republicans would put up because FPTP is just about the lesser of 2 evils ok hows cops kill innocent black children instead?

http://america.aljazeera.com/watch/shows/america-tonight/articles/2014/12/6/black-young-and-unarmedthecaseofcamerontillman.html

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_of_Aiyana_Jones

 To be honest though, I'd watch the shit out of that. I'd love to see Cameron go and try to find the plane on his own. He's got the resources to, so it'd be pretty cool. I dunno, I think that nice Mr Cameron should be the judge of what's legitimate and not, none of this "procedure", "law" or "tradition" stuff. He seems like a pretty straight-up guy. David Cameron forgot his football team.
Ed Milliband unveiled a policy monolith. 

Im not being flippant, these are the two most interesting things that have occured during this election campaign So, given the incredible performance of Avatar do you think there's any chance the sequel could top it? Seems like too tall of an order but James Cameron movies do seem to defy the laws of the box office. The team calls us CamErin because we're always around each other. Her name is Cameron and mine is Erin.  "His name is James Cameron!!!" your comment at the end made me think of the raising the bar episode of southpark lol

but yeah, i hope that it will raise the bar for sure YES I AGREE I USE A SCOTTY CAMERON Hell I'd say Ed looking stupid makes him far more relatable. He seems less stuck up and full of himself than Cameron and more like an average guy. Naomi is back this season, Cameron and Rosa are gone. Probably that slimeball televangelist Philip Cameron. I must admit, as a Northern Irish man, I would love to see Sinn Fein stroll into Westminster and declare for Miliband. Just to see [the look on Cameron's face](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tyx0K4WrElo). Never underestimate James Cameron. I'm thinking SG/back-up PG for the Thunder at 14.  Looking at guys like Devin Booker, RJ Hunter, Cameron Payne, and Jerian Grant.   Looks like Cameron Gott got got D. James Kennedy, Adrian Rogers, Josh McDowell, 

#KIRK CAMERON

, Francis Schaeffer, Charles Spurgeon, Billy Sunday, Luis Palau,  That's nothing - Samantha Cameron ate my hamster! Cameron Clegg and Miliband... honestly He will do whatever it takes to stay in. All hail dictator Cameron! deposited female bibarel level 26 :D it says "mountain" in the message, im ign is Cameron Thats what I thought, but i'm worried that it'll just combine them and there goes all that time, albeit not the most amount of time, down the drain. I guess I don't wanna be forced to just get rid of the other two Cameron's if I don't have to.  Don't forget Jordan Cameron and Greg Jennings JAMES CAMERON! lol.... The whole season? He has that whole skirmish with the business man and gets Wilson fired as well as Cameron. I'd hardly consider that "not bad".  No love for Cameron? 😓

That's OK, he'll get one next year 😊 I think PoMo, Trotz and Cameron are more deserving than Vigneault. That team was in the finals last year. A classic debate (the first one I ever saw) between Kirk Cameron, Ray comfort and the Rational Response Squad (Brian Sapient and Kelly O'Connor).
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPJ6ece-rII Oliver Vernon, Suh, Cameron Wake, Brent Grimes, Jordan phillips. If i were a Patriots fan i would hope B gets suspended. &gt; "hardworking families like us".

In fairness to Cameron I would most definitely call his family hardworking, I mean the Prime minister doesn't sit around doing nothing.  Ride it and go to David Cameron's house and scare the living shit out of him for betraying my vote. I was aware of it but didn't really care.  Who won?  I assume Cameron. Ugh Cameron Bradfield, there's a name I don't want to see ever again.  If I remember that, or don't see a headline online, I might do that.  But I call Cameron.   greg jennings, devaunte parker, jordan cameron, ryan tannehill, lamar miller, Jay Ajayi, Kenny Stills. If possible, I'll take Cameron. Or Cody. Kirk Cameron Cameron Diaz Look on the bright side. Eve ain't no Cameron. =) I remember on either sky-news or the itv debate the lib-dems and tories went and said the coalition is not going to happen again; also Cameron and Clegg were arguing a lot over many matters.  Speaking of which, how the fuck is Cameron still on the roster? Kirk Cameron Saves Christmas...jk Sorry, I don't. Do you have the Cameron Esposito/Ngaio ep? Don't forget....  Jordan Cameron* I don't think this is right. Scott Cameron, who works at the PBO, has said that the assumptions in the Ready Reckoner aren't static: https://twitter.com/twitscotty/status/595387314441986049 &gt;Cameron gone

I may have to start watching again Trades Cameron Wake. Tasteless joke but you have to say if Cameron or Miliband had said it they'd be resigning and saying sorry as we speak. Sad to see this downkipped. Taylor, Cameron, Sam, Riley, Avery Cameron Diaz is pretty awful in all of her scenes in Gangs of New York Source:
http://www.porn.com/videos/cameron-canada-and-kleio-valentien-slutty-girls-1831977 I feel this all depends on intent. If it's a slip or you're just used to calling Daniel Bryan "Bryan Danielson"  and you can't help it then that's cool. Oh and if you watch Total Divas. I can't help but call Naomi and Cameron "Trinity and Ariane"  Yeah sorry but Cameron lied in 2010 about a referendum and I have no reason to trust him again. Only UKIP mps can ensure a referendum. So many people 

Overlook Cameron Wake.

Wake, Watt, Mccoy, Quinn. "It's Cameron-approved" is all I need to hear to know that I like a card. You neglected to mention Sarah Connor *and* what Cameron did with Ripley when he directed Aliens... ;) Cameron Diaz in "The Holiday" If you add up the seats predicted by the bookies, it's 324.5 MPs likely to back Cameron (287.5+25.5+9+2.5), and 325.5 likely to back Miliband (266.5+50+4+1+1+3)

I'm not sure why that seems to ignore SF, but there you go. Article title: PM David Cameron likely to survive UK election as PM - but for how long?

Thread title: PM David Cameron likely to win British election &gt;I'd argue JFK was a borderline democratic socialist.

Was David Cameron too? What a bizarre statement. The Daily Mail had its priorities right.

Although it almost looked like it was referring to Cameron which was funny. Sticking with the theme, does Cameron know which party he represents?  David Cameron/Any Living Polititian, cos you'd have to kill 'em first.  I assume we get away with this right...? the Gruan did it for Miliband PM or Cameron PM Mike Cameron had a 4-homer day in '02, hit 3 homers off Jim Parque. E-I-E-I-E-I-O off to the polling booth we go and when we win the  election, this is what we'll sing. We are Britain, we are Britain and **Cameron** is our king! Putin - a politician who actually cares about the people he leads. Cameron and Miliband could learn a lot. That's that's really useful. Borris' words:

"We were all of us, David Cameron and I, elected on a pledge to stop a third runway and my first job is to make sure we stick to our manifesto pledges."

Cool. Good luck voting guys. You can have Cameron :3

Welcome to the roleplay! The Holiday, when Cameron Diaz' character is breaking up with Ed Burns' character? 

"I don't think you ever really loved me... You loved the idea of you and me, but not so much me." So it could have been

* Nick Clegg - Westminster - public school
* Nigel Farage - Dulwich - public school
* David Cameron - Eton - public school



 I consider this irrefutable  evidence that Cameron is an android. I mean he looks like Data from Star Trek, there is no way he is human  I read the "I don't give a fuck," part in the voice of David Cameron from [0:13](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbLGG5UGEKw) I always forget McCullough's first name as well.  I always think it's Cameron for some reason.  Maybe because of the V8 driver Cameron McConville.. I went as Cameron and refused to leave my house. Most unpredictable... Let me tell you what you will get, almost the same government you have now. With David Cameron at the helm again. I've heard Cameron Russell on radio (3RRR Eat it) and he seems really good: http://www.weekendnotes.com/mushroom-tours-mushroom-picking-mornington-peninsula/ I suppose I'm not used to newspaper front pages, but it always throws me when the biggest headline has nothing to do with the biggest image right next to it. I thought they were making some comment on Cameron. &gt; But if Labour and the SNP fail to coordinate and vote Cameron out

They won't though. The SNP have no leverage over this, they can make no demands on Labour. There's no way they don't vote for a Labour government. The Guardian offered how to vote tactically if you want either Ed or Cameron to be PM. This is not the same.  &gt; how the hell it is that Cameron has a chance of being reelected after what he did to the NHS

Can you provide examples of what you think he has done? Last nights election wipe was great, I los my shit when cameron was trying to feed the lamb. I hope you all have the sense to vote out David Cameron.  I drew a pirate on my ballot last election, this election i'll be voting labour, because even though i'm in a safe labour seat i don't want cameron to have the largest vote share.
It's honestly your choice Should be an easy win for Hawthorn unless Cameron gave the Giants a big kick up the ass during the week What's really disturbing is that a bill passed by Cameron in the last parliament allows him to block another party from forming a government. That seems really pernicious to me. I'd say he's even further down than 6/7. Graham, Olsen, Witten, Gates, Thomas, Gronk, Gresham, Kelce, Miller, Ertz, Fleener, Cameron, Walker, Chandler, Rudolph, Wilson, Fasano, and probably some others I'm forgetting were all better than VD last year.  Should be interesting. My bet is still on Labour gaining SNP support in some form of informal agreement. Cameron will probably protest about legitimacy, and lobby for Lib Dem support. Either way, it's going to be some election.  I'd say Jordan Cameron could be an interesting pickup too.  Cameron Intima

She's just about perfect, and has been posted numerous times. One such:

https://www.reddit.com/comments/1dfce8 The 3d graphics are so much better than the BBCs. Churchill smoking a cigar whilst buggering Cameron over a roulette table? 

Brilliant. But..surely if the predictions are on point, Labour+SNP+LD+Greens would have enough to pass a vote of no confidence with Cameron, and then we get a Labour minority? If Cameron was voted down on a Queen's Speech but defeated a motion of no confidence (highly unlikely), wouldn't he need to put forward a new Queen's Speech? The chart doesn't seem to show that. The '87 group are named here:
http://www.standard.co.uk/news/camerons-cronies-in-the-bullingdon-class-of-87-7183812.html useful links http://benjaminstudebaker.com/2015/05/02/britain-for-the-love-of-god-please-stop-david-cameron/ Going by economic growth, job market and real wage increase Cameron did a prettty good job compared to the rest of Western Europe.  I'm pretty sure if Cameron attempts that, the first thing Labour will do is file a vote of no confidence. If that happened you'd likely have David Cameron as Prime Minister, Ed Milliband as deputy and Alex Salmond as leader of the opposition.

That would be worth it for pure comedy. It's funny because Cameron, Clegg and Miliband are ALL worth about the same - £3m or so. Cameron has a richer wife though, but it seems odd to hold that against him.  The Tories staying in power* isn't necessarily a bad thing. However Cameron and his public school cronies has been a disaster. There's no rational case for Mr Osborne having kept his chancellor role.

*partner in a coalition government. The problem with it is that its just a Kremlin mouthpiece. If the BBC was under that much influence from the Tories we'd probably have VOTE CAMERON flicker onto the screen every few seconds. Or in a totally bizarro world, enough Labour MPs dislike Milliband enough that they don't vote in support of removing Cameron. The funny thing is the current PM David Cameron (anyone heard of him anywhere else?) once ate a hot dog with a knife and fork.  It's amusing that you criticise the media for spewing vitriol and then in the same comment post a photo of David Cameron at Oxford to try and stir up anti-Tory sentiment on here.

Talk about pandering to the masses. You could not be more obvious.  You'd prefer cameron to the SNP? Dolphins also have Jarvis Landry, Kenny Stills, Greg Jennings, and Jordan Cameron. The ball will be spread around a lot. One thing to keep an eye on Parker for *could* be TDs. I'm not telling people how to vote nor what to make of that photo. If seeing Cameron in the bullingdon club stirs up anti-Tory sentiment that's hardly my fault. It was changed to be an opposition leaders debate because of Cameron's petulant whinging while the debates were being arranged. The original plan had him and Miliband at every debate. Nicola Sturgeon looks like she'd have a mean headbutt, however Natalie Bennett looks like a cannibal. Clegg, Miliband and Cameron would just run away and tell the teacher. Idk I think Jordan Cameron could give him a run for his money &gt; "Rates of teenage pregnancy are at their lowest rate since 1969."

Which is entirely due to the Tories. Quite believable actually. Thinking about David Cameron and Ian Duncan Smith makes me quite flaccid. I pray my man David Cameron return as UK's prime minister. yeah, cameronsupreme exclusive I think the point is that David Cameron tries his hardest to seem just like everyone else, failing miserably. KOTR won. 

Dear CatDaddy,

Any 2 of the following L cards would be great.
 
1. Cameron

2. Shawn

3. Warrior

4. Rey

5. Hogan

6. Nikki 

7. Brie 

8. Cena

9. Yoko

10. Bruno

11. Dean 

12. Jericho

13. Randy

14. Bryan
 How do you know how much Cameron is worth? Yes, in theory. Though if Labour won a majority, for example, Cameron wouldn't bother sticking around. Who're you voting for? I'm hoping Miliband wins, Nigel is a clown, and David Cameron, well, I feel he's like an alien trying to mimic humanity. Thought this said "Thursday General Election" at first glance. If you can and are from the UK, please vote today, doesn't matter who for as long as you take part. Although I do have it on good (fake) authority that Cameron hates pro-wrestling. Miliband may be the leader but he still has to contend with the rest of his party. I think Miliband has been saying one thing and doing another. Ugh, politics is such a headache. Either way, I doubt he can be worse than Cameron. I'm very tempted to put a few quid on Cameron as next prime minister, just so I win whatever happens.   I really like what Miami has done with it's WR corps. Now that Wallace is gone they have a lot of talent for a much smaller cap hit. Landry, Parker &amp; Cameron should all be great in the redzone. David Cameron [Lorena Luca](http://lorenaluca.com/treatments/massage/) in Cameron Village.  Several levels of couples services.  Wonderful place. I'd like this better if there was no Cameron. Yeah, a lot of reused footage like the "uh" bit and Cameron's "make a point then leave" strategy.

Still it was all relevant and mixed in enough with other bits that it was a fine show. Probably Cameron cus he's the only guy I know of.  If I had to pick from that list I would put my money on Cameron Diaz. She hasn't had a "hit" in a long time, with a long string of duds the past several years-far longer than anyone else on that list. If John McClane and Batman had a baby who then became friends with the baby of the Punisher and Ghost Rider and they teamed up to fight crime and were featured in a documentary shot by Michael Bay and James Cameron's baby. This must be so distracting for David Cameron on election day of all days Signed Depay and Cameron's gonna lose. It's a good day. The box with Cameron Diaz lived the premise but the movie got weird quick and could have been better with a reworked script and ditching the nasa story arc  I don't know, I think post-conversion *can* be done well when done properly. Titanic's 3D conversion was a huge surprise because Cameron worked very closely on it for a long period of time, and it worked.  Sign me up for Cameron and Farage, then. Ummm.... most of the hard right members of the Tory party are back benchers (which is why you don't hear about them much). The leadership is definitely more socially liberal. I don't majorly dislike Cameron and Hague, but May and IDS can fuck right off. True, I had a labour guy screaming at me earlier that if I voted for "the bloody nats" I was voting in Cameron. if he hadn't become such a twat waffle, Kirk Cameron Jesus's Cheerleader would sound like a hilarious stoner flick Doesn't Miliban want to raise the VAT?

EDIT: All I know about British politics is thug life videos of David Cameron in Parliament. You dodge all of my points while pretending to be civil. Do you write for Cameron?  So when do we think we'll see Cameron try to form a government and dare Labour to vote him down? That's because Cowen hasn't been playing any games since Cameron came in. Probably didn't advocate voting for the Tories.  He's been incredibly outspoken about this government for the past 5 years.  It was likely a scathing attack on Cameron and co. and advocated a UKIP vote.  Cameron Artis-Payne is 22, J Stew is 28. North American actors have been doing commercials abroad for a long time.  I lived in Japan for a while and I was witness to Brad Pitt jean commercials, Tommy Lee Jones selling coffee, and Cameron Diaz being the face of an English school. Kirk Cameron posted this on Facebook.  Somehow I saw it.  The comments were a goldmine if anyone wants to farm them.  I dinnu have the time! I haven't heard Cameron Payne as someone that would be projected that high. Do you think he'd better a better fit for the thunder or more NBA ready than Jerian Grant, Dekker or Tyus Jones? Also, no WCS or Looney? You're likely a fascist as well, just can't admit it to yourself. How do you feel about Cameron's unwavering support for the surveillance state? [Nah he prefers West Ham.](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/video/2015/apr/25/brain-fade-aston-villa-fan-david-cameron-confuses-his-team-for-west-ham-video) He hasn't competed in a long time (aside from the galvao match) but it's easy to find videos of his old comp footage.  He beat Cameron Earl for one.  Remind me which football team Cameron supports? I can't seem to remember. Must be suffering the same affliction as he does. same for DC http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Cameron [Cameron's too, anyone care to explain?](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Cameron) Eastleigh actually! Lib Dems have been really great over the years here, however I want Cameron to stay prime minister to keep up the economic recovery, but the local tory mp candidate "Mims Davies" seems to know bugger all about the area ;-/. I think Cameron, don't know why, but I think the Labour and Torys will work together and you will have one of the laziest and most boring majority ever  (We have that now in Germany) lemme see if i got this straight... David Cameron is the conservative leader, who in office and people want him out? they want to replace him with this Ed dude, right??? Labour, would vote libdem, but its just another vote for Cameron's government in the end. Yep! and yes, please.

David Cameron is privatising/selling off the NHS bit by bit among many other things, and is generally just a dick in my opinion, who really doesn't support the working/lower middle class whatsoever Gangs of NY. Scorsese originally wanted to make the movie in the 1970s with Meryl Streep in the role that went to Cameron Diaz in 2002.  Rodgers, Foster, Thomas, Edelman, Tate, Jordan Cameron, 1.04, 1.06, and 1.09. I'm rebuilding but could compete this year for sure. &gt; If the Tories want to use the popular vote to stay in power

They can wish and want all they like, whoever commands the most seats in the house of commons can form a government, if that's not Cameron and his pals then tough titty.

 That's some kirk Cameron banana level stupid. By win do you mean become prime minister or get the most votes. Even though I support UKIP I think David Cameron will become the Prime Minister What was Cameron thinking bringing Major on that early? *Plus* he kinda made Nick Clegg bend his policies so now The ConLib coalition has made a large proportion of the young population be in crippling £27,000+ debts, *yaaaaaaaaay*  
  
So yeah, fuck Cameron and fuck Clegg. i voting tory

* I like my local mp

* I feel better off than I did 5 years ago

* I think having an EU referendum is a good thing(even if I decided to vote no)

* i think David Cameron is a good PM  Cameron called Clegg a jive sucka.  [Cameron's Closet](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0097008) Hmm. I heard that came with a nasty case of Cameronite, though.  
  
Don't want that. my point was that then any party would do basically. so plaid cymru and snp in government just to make cameron explode David Cameron should export it to cover NHS costs, I hear the Japanese are expanding their whaling industry. Bookies have 2:1 on Cameron and 2.1:1 on Miliband, whilst academic forecasts favour a second placed Labour being able to make a coalition. It is very close! Clay was never a pro bowler. Cameron has been a pro bowler and had a head scan this offseason. It came back all good. I really hope he will get on and post a few gifs of Farage drinking a pint, Cameron shaking some hands and Miliband trying to smile.  &gt; Cameron Earl

The body slam match? At least you were able to come up with someone.  Candace Cameron, the older sister from *Full House* is making a comeback. Very interesting- thanks for that. James Cameron expressing reservations about 3d is a great quote.  It's probably not accurate to assume that just because Cameron can't win a vote, Miliband can. The SNP might choose to oppose both if Miliband offers them nothing at all. Oh my god, Cameron pushing a baby Clegg had me in stitches. Cameron (Tory), Farage (UKIP) and Milliband (Labour) are all heavily influenced by Thatcher. For all that the UK's election system sounds superior to our American one, they still end up run by cocks like David Cameron. Still though, they're both 18 and look 13. I'm 16 and look considerably older than both of them.

Wait.. Maybe **I** should be Spider-Man!

\#CameronHHForSpiderman2016 Votes or seats doesn't really matter, even if Labour got a majority Cameron could stay on as PM but he wouldn't as he couldn't command the confidence of the house Looks like if David Cameron was in his teens and had been battling a lifelong addiction to heroin Thanks! It's at Cameron Park Zoo in Waco, which I've heard good things about. I'll hear back next week Not even arguably, Cameron when healthy is better than Clay when healthy. Jennings will be a good mentor too. Plus as much as I loved clay we upgraded with Jordan Cameron too.  Dolphins:


- Cameron Wake (DE) 

- Ndamukong Suh (DT) 

- Brent Grimes (CB) 

- Reshad Jones (SS) 

- Mike Pouncey (C) 

HM: Tannehill, Landry, Albert, Vernon Today's election day over here in the UK so I want David Cameron and Nigel Farage in a double elimination, thanks. 23 here. Voted against Cameron twice already. #Cameron2K15  Scotland didnt get invaded.. you'll never have the same rights as Scotland I'm affraid.
Vote Cameron for stability! &gt; even if Labour got a majority Cameron could stay on as PM but he wouldn't as he couldn't command the confidence of the house

That's not really what was at issue. Most of the guys from the old "Professional Barber shop" in Cameron Village moved up the street across from Oberlin Court and became "The Barber shop professionals"

http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-barber-shop-professionals-raleigh

 [This also happened](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/may/07/milibandits-hack-cameron-wikipedia-page-vote-labour-vandalism-election). I'd be very careful about what you say. Yes, we end up with cockslingers like Cameron, but you've got an election coming up soon too. 

And we *will* mock and ridicule you for it. Although at this point I'd be surprised if you expected any less.  I voted Tory with a big shit-eating grin on my face just now. 

How does that make you feel mate? Knowing that I want another 5 years of David Cameron and George Osborne in charge and that my vote counts just as much as yours? 

You upset? How would ending the Royal Prerogative prevent wars like Iraq? They still require parliamentary support. Cameron's executive powers were still trumped by Parliament voting against intervention in Syria.  American here: I want Cameron to win. Yes, I follow the very basics of your system. I don't want England to leave the EU in 2017 either. If you wake up tomorrow and Cameron is still PM drink yourself into a stupor for 5 years watching Election Wipe from last night. Hadn't seen Cameron's Heat interview. What a cunt, how can he call Brand a joke and do that? Same here, only James Cameron is allowed to do 3D Cameron passed it to a vote optionally, it wasn't legally required. It has just become a thing they do since Iraq. (I swear I'm quoting some BBC documentary, can't remember which one, might be 'The Lions Last Roar'). Hell let the Monster Raving Loonies in, let Cameron know we think they're a better option :) What was your Spider-verse going to be like? I think it be awesome if all of the live action Spidermen were part of the film, like Tobey, Andrew, (Hopefully Dylan), Nicholas Hammond, and make references to James Cameron's Spiderman. She looks like a deformed Cameron Diaz. The point is that Incumbent gets the 'advantage' regardless how many seats another party has. Even If Cameron has less seats than Labour but thinks he can command the confidence of the house he gets first crack. tin roof teas in cameron village "new song first featuring Holden Zacharias tracked and produced by Cameron Losch and mixed by Lee McKinney"

 David Cameron is our supreme overlord but we're likely to overthrow him tomorrow. "In an interleague game on July 2, 2011, Phil Cuzzi issued a walk to Cameron Maybin of the Padres after only three balls. Maybin later scored the only run in a 1–0 Padres win."

What's the worst that could happen? Basically anything Avatar... (James Cameron one) If Cameron steps down, there is no way that Boris won't become leader. They're setting him up for leadership already.  Jordan Cameron and Joe Thomas. One is no longer here, the other has a 99 ovr PH.  Well, I guess I'll trust you... you being a James Cameron Scholar and all... Well, I guess I'll trust you... you being a James Cameron Scholar and all... Virtual David Cameron looks like he's having a seizure Those exit polls though. Looks like David Cameron will survive as PM if the exit polls bear out. Cameron now 1/5 to be next prime minister. The SNP surge has caused a rise in English nationalism. We had weeks of the SNP scare - tonight this has proved to be very fucking effective. 

I'm not blaming Scotland, I am blaming Cameron for sacrificing the union for electoral gain. Is /r/Scotland happy with the exit poll? SNP would smash early expectations but Cameron probably stays Even though Cameron's main strategy to win votes in England has been to highlight the possibility of the SNP holding a Labour government to ransom? Labour will actually *lose* seats according to the exit polls. Not such bad campaigning from Mr Cameron after all. Deposited lvl 12 male makuhita IGN: Cameron :3 Looks like another 5 years of bullshit with Cameron :( 1/20 for Cameron to be PM apparently. Fantastic. Just Cameron and Farage?  I'd add Osborne to that list at the very least, and probably Gove and Clegg as well. Cameron could attempt a minority government, no? 

That's what I fear. Clegg won't have the bargaining power he had last time.. 5 more years of Cameron. So, we're going to have a referendum on our membership of the EU in 2 years, and then shortly after that he's going to be gone so someone can take over leadership. Talk about stable government. is this good, i support the snp, but the snp might have doomed us to David Cameron :( CON - LIB = 315
LAB - SNP = 311

Looks difficult to 'lock' Cameron out. Unless Clegg looses his seat and we get a LAB-LIB-SNP thing. Just wait until Cameron Mitchell starts food trucks. Then you can wait twice as long and pay twice as much. Was hoping UKIP would take more seats. If Cameron doesn't deliver the EU referendum I think UKIP will be far better positioned next election. no point,  it's not a coincidence that Cameron's campaign manager owns a private health care company.  Well as Unionists at least we know Cameron won't give in to the SNP over another referendum. She was the Iron Lady, does this make Cameron Iron Man? I wonder why the would include Revis and Cromarite in rating our FA and not Revis and Marshall. I would think the impact of Marshall and Revis would be equal to Sue and Cameron when you take into consideration the rest of the FAs we acquired.  [You think I have a problem with that? ;-\)](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/feb/22/snp-labour-general-election-cameron-miliband) From the article:

&gt; David Cameron could be on course to remain prime minister as the head of a minority government without the need for a coalition - although he might have to rely on the support of the DUP or the Lib Dems. I prefer Cameron as PM but I will lose my shit if they call him Iron Man.  David Cameron will be tucking into juicy steak paid by our tax money for the next 5 years. Love it when people say they're moving to Canada as a response to the Tories. 

Harper is more of a conservative than Cameron by a fair bit. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Environmental_policy_of_Canada#Under_Stephen_Harper I can see the front page of the Sun now, Cameron poorly photoshoped onto Tony Stark's body, the rest of the cabinet as the respective Avengers... Ed as Loki lying dazed at their feet. Well, how much do you like David Cameron?   http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01762/cameron-david-happ_1762769c.jpg Except for the fact that that raising the prospect of an SNP-Labour deal has been one of Cameron's main campaigning strategies. &gt;I'm not blaming Scotland, I am blaming Cameron for sacrificing the union for electoral gain

Fuck that, Labour are the ones who have fucked up in Scotland, their shitty referendum campaign is what has put the Union at risk. Cameron said 2017, I believe. &gt; I'm not blaming Scotland, I am blaming Cameron for sacrificing the union for electoral gain.

Again, he's not blaming Scotland. And Cameron is facing Ed....remember that Michael Foot was a truly intelligent guy and he never wore a donkey jacket at the Cenotaph or anything like that (made up story) Cameron 316 says I just whipped your ass! If that poll is accurate I have lost all faith in humanity.

Labour are no angels I know... but how any country could re-elect Cameron... it's almost comparable to re-electing Bush. I doubt there will be a coaltion with the DUP.  The DUP actually wants an EU referendum while Cameron does't really.  If there's a chance the Lib Dems will scupper the vote on the EU I reckon aul Dave will go with them. I'm pretty furious about that to be honest. There's nothing anyone can do. Cameron barely had to run a campaign, the cunt ran it for him. Why do you think milliband is a terrible leader? I think he genuinely cares for what happens to this country and wants to bring meaningful change. I get the exact opposite impression from Cameron I'm not Cameron's biggest fan but Christ knows he's better than the alternative. An EU referendum isn't a deal killer for Nick Clegg. 

If these numbers are right, we're getting a referendum via a conservative/lib dem coalition. But then again, Cameron promised a referendum in 2009. 

Fireworks for /r/europe in 2017! Cameron'll go mental at half-time, he has to try and claw back some away goals. [Nicola Sturgeon and William Wallace riding a Unicorn into David Cameron and Ed Miliband.](http://i.imgur.com/akCXH0z.gifv) Isn't one of their demands about parades? The heightened profile of the DUP making their gaffes over here being covered more wont be good.

That said, I doubt Cameron will work with the DUP if there's still the Lib Dems to play with. "If the exit poll is right [...] we've been warning that the SNP will let David Cameron back in"

The prospective Chancellor can't add 239 and 58. God almighty. "If the exit poll is right...we've been warning that the SNP will let David Cameron back in"

The prospective Chancellor can't add 239 and 58.

 Wow! Ed Balls just hinted at a government with the Lib Dems and the SNP AND THEN criticized David Cameron for splitting up the union.

Please let him lose  Why? Cameron is Pro-Eu, he just has to keep up the rhetoric to fend off his Eurosceptic backbench and UKIP. Does anybody have a gif of Cameron's header in the 80th minute? Victory for Cameron and Clegg's micropigs!  Sam Allardyce will rescue Cameron. So, will these mean David Cameron gets his EU referendum? I voted for you out of pity.  But Cameron had used you and is going to turn you loose now. Hearing news that David Cameron might hold his seat in Witney  &gt; Plus an EU referendum

I doubt Cameron would actually go through with it. If he does, it'd mean he'd be sure they'd stay in. \&gt;David Cameron, the head of the 'Conservatives' wins

I highly doubt it. David Cameron and Ed Miliband are in a dead heat for victory right? DAVID CAMERON,DAVID CAMERON, DAVID CAMERON! He has a chair Trust me do not be worried. I voted Conservatives but even Cameron does not want us to leave the EU. It will be disastrous and the referendum will be defeated. The two years of uncertainty is worth paying to block Labour from governing the South.  I'll accept a Tory 316 if it means we get Cameron's head poorly shopped on Austin delivering a stunner to milliband on the front pages  We should all start rumours on Twitter that the Raving Monster Looney party is in the lead in David Cameron's seat... Maybe the BBC will pick it up :D shall I go to bed or is there a chance Cameron won't stay on as PM? I'm not denying that Cameron is probably going to be PM, but never say never. Conservatives winning is the best option . A stronger economy is on the way. Based Cameron will lead us and the public, unlike this sub, clearly doesn't trust Labour with the economy and its understandable why.  WHO CARES ABOUT THE FRENCH WHEN CAMERONS ABOUT TO RUN RIOT ON ALL OUR CANDY-ASSES &gt; Not such bad campaigning from Mr ~~Cameron~~ Murdoch after all.

FTFY. Vote Cameron, get Boris either way we're fucked Yeah but what about the fixed term parliament act, Cameron can't call an election when it suits him like Wilson was able to Cameron is definitely a cock but.... George Dubbya Bush?  Didn't you guys even have to sabotage a voting machine to get him in or something?  A man who couldn't find his own arse with both hands and a map... If the exit poll is correct, David Cameron is clearly man of the match. Shit's on the country for 5 years and increases his vote! It's impressive really I'd rather be poor in Britain now than in any time in the entire earth's history.

Not that that's down to Cameron, but you can't blame the government for every issue either. &gt;sheldoncameron's images are not publicly available.  Cameron played the SNP card to the English electorate. That is the single biggest game changer in this election. Why do you thing there is a 30 seat discrepancy between the option polls and exit polls? The SNP card, Cameron played it to the hilt. &gt;OCEANOGRAPHY

TIL Hulk is James Cameron.  Remember boys and girls: it's the moral thing for Cameron and chums to have the final say on what goes on in your bedroom! Welp, that sucks. Best of luck to him though. Big break for Cameron McInnes. However this won't necessarily happen at a time when public opinion of Cameron is relatively high  If exit polls are right Cameron and Clegg might be able to weasel their way back into Westminster.  She wanted a run at the leadership.  A lot of peoples plans are in tatters.  Including Cameron IMO! &gt; What will they do in government?

Nothing, because they won't *be* in government. 

If you think David Cameron is going to rely on a party that ultimately doesn't give a shit beyond its own desires, you're having a laugh.  Cameron has said if was re-elected he would definitely have the referendum. Hopefully the Lib-Dems or whatever coalition party (could be the feckin DUP) talk him out of it. If true, the swing in England to the Tories is almost certain to be the result of Cameron playing the SNP card to the English electorate. What should Cameron walk out to when he makes his victory speech?  
Mr Bombastic? &gt; Based Cameron

What does that mean?

Edit: this? http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Based  Estimated 73% turnout in Witney, David Cameron's constituency CameronWinsLol http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/apr/25/david-cameron-blames-brain-fade-for-getting-his-football-team-wrong Cameron?

[GirlBye](https://notremondenoir.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/david_cameron_452622t.jpg) Cameron is basically Seth Rollins. No one will talk him out of it. Cameron will have the referendum. Also, the Tories won't go into a coalition with the DUP. They would just be constant trouble for them. Most people in Britain wouldn't put up with their shit.  Genuinely shocked and upset. I thought we were better than this.

Cameron, IDS and Gideon: take 2. How depressing. West Ham have let it slip to 6-2, [Cameron furious](http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Observer/Pix/pictures/2012/5/5/1336227528779/BESTPIX-Prime-Minster-Dav-008.jpg) on the touchline. It hasn't happened but here's just how crazy the party is http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jan/13/cameron-ban-encryption-digital-britain-online-shopping-banking-messaging-terror \&gt;voice actress

Her name is Cameron Diaz, it's not like she's a veritable unknown OP. I'm just sick of Camerons smug face. cba with looking at it for the next 5 years  Kate has her ass and tits out. It was shocking at the time for a PG-13. I wasn't expecting that. But it's pretty well known James Cameron influenced the ratings board to not get an R.  In coalition David Cameron just called them Dems, because dems his bitch. 'Cameron last PM of the UK' -Marr. I'm really not surprised at all.  From an outsiders view, Cameron hasn't really been in any global controversies.   But my point is that Cameron deliberately angered the Scots so that they'd be more likely to vote SNP and thus kick labour out of Scotland - guaranteeing the election for the Tories.  You were around when the moment referendum was over Cameron started making speeches about devolution everywhere and anywhere right? David Cameron has more sense than to rely on the DUP. They're unreliable and as likely to turn against him than side with him.  Right, so, for example, does that mean that if Cameron wins, it is possible that parliament can reject him and then it will fall to the next majority vote holder to step in, assuming he resigns? I can't see David Cameron wanting to be the last PM of the UK. He'll do everything to prevent that I suspect. Though looking how surprising this all is we really don't' know! [Salmond says Cameron has no legitimacy in Scotland on basis of these results](https://twitter.com/bbclaurak/status/596480463025373186) If I don't see David Cameron being interviewed with his window down, arm resting on it, saying that "the Tory boy 'as a bit of talent, so we'll see"....I'll be disappointed. Cameron will go down as the PM who broke up the union for the sake of a few extra years in power. NEW RUMOUR: DAVID CAMERON IS DRUNK (See driving skills). i think its cameron, but theres no point showing it haha David Cameron The lead car was in the wrong lane to (I'd assume) give better lighting for Cameron's to see the road ahead at the junction. Or something. Where the fuck is Edward I the Longshanks when you need him.  He of the expulsion decree would've had some things to say to Cameron and Miliband and this Britcuckoldry. Clegg is like Cameron without a personality - and that is a very hard thing to do indeed. Remember in the debates when Cameron said he was working for a majority and everyone called him out saying it wasn't ever going to happen and that he was treating the electorate like a fool... It's certainly an interesting election. Unless David Cameron comes up with some sort of genius Constitutional solution Scotland will be gone from the Union within 10 years. SNP have handed David Cameron the keys to number 10 on a silver platter. Sky have literally had a helicopter following Cameron from his home for the past 20 minutes. why does  andrew neil/dimbleby keep interrupting guests  to describe cameron's car, driving  BREAKING NEWS: David Cameron stops at a traffic light. Who's driving David Cameron's car. Can they not see the road markings!? I try and maintain a clean mind when it comes to the activities that Mr. Cameron may or may not be involved in at any one time.  SNP voters have voted against their interests in the long run. David Cameron with a majority? Fucking hell. Cameron has set his face polisher extra high tonight as it's a special occasion.  People need to stop bitching about Scotland putting Cameron into 10 Downing St.  If Labour + SNP is still less than what the Tories get, then how is it Scotland's fault?  This isn't a proportional vote.  If you remove Camerons nose, his face is 100% flat guaranteed.  &gt;The SNP played a blinder 

I mean, it doesn't feel that way. Cameron could very well operate a minority government without taking on a coalition partner. 

That seems like a net loss for everyone if I'm honest.  US here, what are the implications? It seems like David Cameron gets to be the Prime Minister again. Would that have happened if Scotland hadn't rallied behind the SNP? Cameron may set the record for lowest popular vote to win a majority if he pulls it off. What deal could he make? The DUP will want it their way or the highway, and Cameron simply won't be able to do that.  vote SNP get Cameron It would be like the Tories, but without Cameron's strain of social liberalism (e.g. same-sex marriage). I don't think SNP voters are going to be that happy when they wake up. It isn't their fault like some are saying, but it looks like they will wake up to Cameron in Number 10 again. Bittersweet victory for them I feel Milliband is much more likely to consider and adopt new ideas than Cameron, ones that benefit society as a whole anyway. Maybe once we actually get higher taxes on the rich, we can move forward. Ed can shut up and do as his members tell him if it keeps Cameron from selling healthcare to his mates. Next week David Cameron Vs Alex Salmond in a winner takes all hell in a cell match! Goodnight everyone, my prediction is 5 more years of Cameron with a near majority. Yes. It's the least we can do, to put /u/CameronMB on the map. Well, I know David Cameron is a total thug, apparently. &gt;2) Of course it matters; these are MPs, which means votes on whatever each party decides.

i meant "matters" in the sense that if the cons don't get a majority, isn't there still a chance to get rid of Cameron? from experience - I've always found that we hate whoever is in power as a matter of course......but I actually kind of like Cameron, voted for Plaid though. Well it is, strap in NI-boy. You're on Mr. Cameron's Wild Ride. Doesn't Cameron want to expand spy powers, ban encryption, etc...?  ORKNEY AND SHETLAND RESULT:
Alistair Carmichael (Lib Dem) 9,407
Danus Skene (SNP) 8,590
Donald Cameron (Conservative) 2,025
Gerry McGarvey (Labour) 1,624
Robert Smith (UKIP) 1,082

Not much in it. This is pretty historic if maybe only for the Scotland situation  (if Cameron gets  320ish), so you can at least say you were there. This ranks right up there with Kirk Cameron's banana monologue. The real beauty here is that Ben would believe this guy no matter what he says. Directed by James Cameron. So is there still a chance Miliband will be PM tomorrow or is it pretty much confirmed that Cameron has got a second term? Naa. They should pick Dan Jarvis. When the Milibands and Cameron and the like were sat advising the guys whove been fucking the country up for the last twenty years, he was getting shot at by the Taliban. Pretty much Cameron win, Milliband gets a bottle of brandy and a pistol. From the US: Rubio Rubin, Cameron Carter-Vickers, and Tommy Thompson. If he gets cleared by FIFA on time, then Gedion Zelalem. The kingmaker  rises (laughter) 

Clegg walks forward...gets stabbed by boris "cameron sends his regards!" jordan cameron? scotland is 7%? of the electorate, it could easily get through if camerons negotiations with the EU dont bring results. Because the anti EU side will jump on the fact that the EU wont even negotiate to drum up more votes. Geoff Cameron, Flamini, and Busquetts have all played CB for me occasionally.

Busquetts is a really good CB  Enjoy your Ditto /u/OmegaCameron!!! Cameron Jordan but yeah I suppose the one positive of the Tories winning so many seats is Cameron won't be fired. I don't like Cameron but having Boris as PM would be ridiculous. David Cameron increased the UK's debt to GDP. #aTrueConservative  This is the end but despite everything I liked Ed. I don't think he got a fair chance. 

Also fuck how weird he looks eating bacon sandwiches, Cameron eats hot dogs with a fork. Urgh 5 more years of david bloody cameron, its giving me a headache.  I think David Cameron (SOMEFUCKINGHOW) is going to be the belle of the ball for the Tories since he's managed to crush Labour in an election they seemed to have in the palm of their hands I wonder if Cameron will get Witney...  Is that man trying to get a selfie of him giving Cameron the finger? Cameron takes it. What a shame David Cameron holds his seat.  If Cameron had lost Witney it would have been the most hilarious moment of this decade.  Reminder that David Cameron worked in PR before he went into politics.

 Fuck off dishface, Cannot stand David Cameron, going to shaft the north as per.  David "South Is The Master Race" Cameron If this election proves anything, it's that the campaign means very little. I actually think Murdoch's slander of Milliband really jeopardised Cameron's chances. I say this as a Tory voter.  Has cameron pissed himself &gt;Cameron Langrell was a teenage boy who felt trapped in the wrong body.

Every damn time. Even in death, you can't avoid being misgendered by the media.

I wish the best for Cameron's parents. They sound nice. On the bright side, it's a narrow one and the Tories will probably tear themselves to shreads over Europe in a couple years. Cameron might be Major Mk.2 Haha you thought Cameron was such a new age soft tory?

He's got his majority now. Prepare for the Thatcherite. Or those middle fingers at Cameron's reelection?  Just atrocious. I remember the past couple of weeks Cameron kept on saying he was confident of a majority and people just laughed at him. Well, well, well. Happily, a slim majority would mean that Tory backbenchers and/or DUP/UUP/UKIP can drag Cameron to the right. Hopefully to avoid more defence cuts.  Reckless loses Rochester and Strood to the Tories. Can this get any better for Cameron? Not under Cameron's watch, to the food banks for them! equating Cameron to Bush is pretty fucking dumb Can I take this moment to whinge about the tories? Looks like Cameron's sticking around. 

[Weh.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qB0ZOu_EZ2M) &gt; Doesn't Cameron want to expand spy powers, ban encryption, etc...?

He backed down on banning encryption

http://techcrunch.com/2015/01/13/politics-meet-technology/

When it comes to 'spy powers' both Labour and the Conservatives agree.  Is this because Cameron wants to go there to announce himself as prime minister?  Are Sky hoping Cameron crashes the car?  I'm not happy with the result, but your comment made me laugh! It would be great for Cameron to come out with that line and jazz hands. That film was a game changer. Walt Becker is the James Cameron of his generation, honestly. The SNP card Cameron played is the single biggest gamechanger in the election. This is officially my favourite thing about this election: http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/david-cameron-casts-vote-elmo-5650402 the real cabal is the fossil fuel industry attempting one last cash-in before the big switch to clean energy and they put their people into power (Bush/Cheney, Abbot, Harper, Key, Cameron)  &gt; thug life videos of David Cameron in Parliament

Oh my god. That's fantastic. Yeah but she did it after winning a majority. Cameron did it after failing to win a majority and didn't even manage a majority the second time which makes it slightly less impressive.  [David Cameron's take](https://twitter.com/David_Cameron/status/596548611984531456) on the famous pic of Barack and Michelle Obama when he won his second term &gt; Can I take this moment to whinge about the tories? Looks like Cameron's sticking around.
&gt; 

To be fair, I hear "Ed Miliband" and think it's the name of a new pop rock group. I think that Cameron is desperately hoping for the Tories to lose a few unexpected seats here and there, so he can justify another coalition with the Lib Dems.  I can't imagine he relishes his promised referendum. Finalement, nous les français on est tristes parce que y a encore cette andouille de Cameron ou on est contents parce que c'est un malheur pour les anglais ? Cooper Helfet, Seahawks Tight End. I have to admit its just a sexy position to play, and look at others like Gronk, and Jordan Cameron

http://i0.wp.com/catcherinthestyle.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/coop.jpeg?w=1050 He'll put forward a referendum bill that allows EU immigrants residing here to vote, which will be voted down by his backbenchers. Then Cameron will hold his hands up and say"I tried" and that will be the end of the referendum. If Cameron doesn't deliver on a referendum he will face open rebellion and be toppled, he doesn't have a choice Haha insane this is real! 

Camerowned!
Cameronbae whatever that shit means. This result will really buoy David Cameron. He is off the leash now. 

Massive ideological cuts, the rape of our civil liberties and tax cuts for the rich are all incoming in force. A book called The Artist's Way by Julia Cameron is the best therapy money can buy.    

Edit: typo Worst recovery in history under Cameron. Cameron was outstanding all season, don't rail him for one game where was punting out of his endzone  :( Who knows... Cameron can't squirm out of an EU ref now if the rest of the forecasts play out and there's no coaliton. Interesting times ahead. David Cameron still doesn't want to be the man who broke up Britain, nor do his voters want him to be that man.  The SNP has influence. Bloody hell Cameron is back in Number 10 and isn't packing his bags. Why? Will Cameron not be in power?
 That is bollocks. Cameron is robotic, watch Question Time last week, he was by far the most charismatic. I want to get off Mr Cameron's Wild Ride "*don't see the problem*" ~ David 'got in on 34%' Cameron. Besides, Sturgeon said she'd be perfectly happy to enter into a coalition with Labour to keep the Tories out, and she was bang-on that it was Labour's failure in England that allowed Cameron a second term. A Tory government with either a slim majority or a minority backed up by the Northern Ireland unionists. 
Either way, Cameron will be pulled to the right as he can't necessarily pass things without pull backbench or unionist support.  I would love a Boris lead country.

Not for the Tory element, but because he's god damn insane. Anything would be better than Cameron though. Cameron - *"Execute order 66"* Fuck Cameron. "The future belongs to David Cameron" Words I did not want to hear this morning. Did you see Elmo up on stage with Cameron? I thought that was funny. :) And Milliband had some guy from the Looney Party behind him. UK politics are a bit odd. “Now, witness the power of this fully *operational* battle station.” - David Cameron I don't even hate Cameron or Osbourne, but Theresa May is one bitch I just cannot stand.  This is how David Cameron feels right now  The votes is what gives a Conservative his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the country together. - David Cameron  Darth Cameron: "Your powers are *weak*, old man."


Ed-Wan Miliband: "You *can't* win, Darth. If you strike me down, I shall become more powerful than you could possibly imagine." That is creepy. I googled his name and [this article](http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2015/02/24/missing-san-francisco-men-mysteriously-disappeared-california-5-sean-sidi-crishtian-hughes-shawn-tyler-cameron-remmer-jackson-miller/) came up. David Cameron is our next pm. Government isn't recalled yet. I'm the biggest Soundgarden fan but Matt cameron blasts through these songs waaaay too quick live. I can't even listen to it. Eddie can't even get a breath!
 Ah merde, c'est donc Cameron. Aucune chance qu'il revienne sur sa stupide politique internet j'imagine ? seems like every party is equally important if the conservatives can't get a majority. gonna be very close to see whether all the other parties together can block Cameron Content évidemment.

Et surtout, se faire des films : Cameron -&gt; référendum -&gt; Brexit -&gt; l'Écosse europhile dit merde aux anglois -&gt; éclatement de l'UK -&gt; Europe win -&gt; Europe #1 -&gt; Europe colonise Alpha Centaury Nathan Simmons? Goes by Nate Simmons? Not sure about the harmonica.Cameron Gillette plays harmonica. So like.. Yep countries going to shit now but at l east we taught them a lesson?For all their "bad decisions" just think for a second what the choice that Cameron may have given them was.  Cameron will have an extremely narrow majority.  It will take only a handful of defections, resignations, or by-election losses to erode it to nothing. Looks like its John Keys mate David Cameron again. God help you all Another 5 years with Cameron :\ oh well. Because david fucking cameron and his little band of fuck nuggets aren't running the fucking country..  No it's run be Helle ThorningSchmidt who is just the female Tony Blair/Cameron I thought it said "David Cameron's victory speech to GCHQ" at first.  &gt;Cameron has whipped up English nationalism to try and win this election

and somehow that's our fault? Under Cameron I've found it easier to get a job than I ever did with labour.

Also when unemployed with labour in power I was actually advised that my family would be better off if my other half left her job as we'd get more on benefits. Cameron's pretty awesome, but I wouldn't necessarily call him a superhero. Also, they're so far apart in time that it's barely even part of the same franchise. But this was a British problem! :( The biggest of all!

It was a problem regarding David Cameron - e.g. a problem regarding British politicians!

This is more unjust than David Cameron getting power for 10 years in a row! Yeah, they'll be over the moon about all this new austerity and selling off of public assets. Well done floating voters, Cameron made fools of all of you! Cameron et al may have perfected the method of massaging your prostate, but there are still large portions of the population who aren't so willing to bend over. Nice try - Cameron won't agree to another Scottish referendum, and the SNP wouldn't want the risk of losing a second time. Such is life in Cameron's Britain. The truth is Cameron was able to promise more - the housing association sell off and the big investment into the NHS. God knows how he'll pull it off. It's not a 180 from what Labour were doing, it's a 180 from what Cameron promised pre-election. Not to mention all his other 180's. Originally? James Cameron. Now? The ones that carry the victorious dead to Valhalla! god damnit I was tempted to put a bet on a few weeks back on cameron. could of made a killing! After another 5 years of Cameron, with no need for coalition...
I wouldn't be surprised if 45% of England wants to join them. Yeah, Cameron plans to use it as a get out. The ECHR judges give leniency to cultural factors in their judgements, and he wants to use a british bill as 'cultural' evidence for certain judgements.
 The Lib Dems paid dearly for Cameron's cuts. I hope they can rebuild, but when so many people have scapegoated them with all of their problems it might be a long time. There won't be any significant renegotiation. All Cameron might get is a bit of leeway in how his government interprets existing European rules. Cameron has promised a referendum in 2017, so UKIP are going to be irrelevant either way now. Unless Cameron backtracks, but it doesn't look like he'll have the 'I'm in a coalition!' excuse to back out of it like he did after the 2010 election.  Congratulations to David Cameron and his allies, looks like they're going to have a lot of fun for the next five years.

I hope me and my family come out of it unscathed.  It allowed Cameron to scared voters in England to vote conservative to lock the SNP out and it worked lol yeah, because Cameron's really got you lot steaming forward at full speed... There's already a pact between Cameron and the devil, it would seem. But then we have Cameron selling off all the social housing and bits of the NHS... That's a scary prospect indeed Glad you had it done before Cameron f s it up  Tory in fighting will start over Europe and it'll spread.  Cameron has his hands full. I imagine Cameron will be making a grateful phone call at some point today.  Let's not forget David *"Install Backdoors into every software available for Government Access" "I have no idea how InfoSec works"* Cameron's possible plans too. I agree and if more Tory Mps were like Lord Ashcroft I would have no problems with the Conservatives however most are more like Cameron and there we go. Technically... yeah, you're not allowed to.

Realistically? I'd like to think the admins wouldn't ban someone for saying "David Cameron, 9 Downing Street, London, England" but there you go. Cameron seals the deal Cameron ne fera jamais sortir l'Angleterre de l'UE, ce serait un coup dur économique.

Je suis content que l'UKIP n'ait pas réussi son élection, j'étais un peu énervé en voyant que l'équivalent Finlandais, les "Vrais" Finlandais, sont au gouvernement.  It's hard to say, but practically the third largest party at Westminster gets loads of money/clout.

Cameron can kind of do what he wants, but he'll have 56 MPs he needs to insult rather than a handful that he did previously. 'The Camerons send their regards.' - Alex Salmond, standing behind Ed Miliband.  I agree. I'm not against the sort of badass chicks you see in James Cameron movies, but there's a lot more subtlety to Foster's character and like you said, she's distinctly feminine in ways so that she isn't just a he with an s added. I think the general fallout after the referendum is the best campaigning the SNP ever had. I voted to stay part of the Union and Cameron turned me into a bogeyman. It feels very personal to me.

South of the border, of course... I have a Cameron Ling Poster above my bed. Cameron will try to renegotiate the treaties and fail, then he will campaign against the EU. And if last night has shown anything, it is that he can shove down anything your throats. At least Cameron promised to stop taxing people who earn less than the living wage - Labour were the only party not to support that policy. Cameron wants to renegotiate the Treaties that provide for free movement of workers. It has absolutely nothing to do with the troubles in Greece or the Eurozone. Honestly, I don't even know what you're talking about. &gt; "I'd rather let Jimmy Savile babysit my kid than David Cameron!"

Is that better for you? Reddit is an echo chamber for the lefties. As much as people live shitting on the biased media, you get similar demonisations here. If you believed /r/uk then David Cameron eats babies in his spare time. but a huge amount of backbench tories and their rural constituents are complete euroskeptics and they're not quiet about it either. it's them that have forced Cameron to declare a referendum would be held, not UKIP. All parties do. My main problem with Tories is their plans to repeal the Human Rights Act. Not a good idea. I prefer Cameron to Miliband, but I prefer Labour to Tories. He look like Australian rugby player Cameron Smith. While I think u/TillWinters explanation for the result is lacking. I would not agree with the statement that the Cameron gov has a good track record. I didn't vote Labour because Ed Miliband blamed Libya on David Cameron, even though he voted in favour of Libya. Maybe the fact is a lot of people don't agree with Labour's policies? &gt; Cameron has promised an election in 2017

...referendum on EU membership. BBC: Nick Clegg to speak at 11:00, Cameron to the palace circa 12:30. I believe the other two are Cameron and Sturgeon. The Greens aren't a major party. Well with Cameron's promise to stand down next election. Boris might be thinking on leaving a Mayorship to focus on that...which might be worse. 

roll on 5 May 2016  Predictions of the next few days? I'm going with Jim Murphy stands down tomorrow, Ed Miliband will stand down today, Farrage will go, Clegg will go and Cameron will have a move made against him by the right of the conservatives during an EU referendum.  Clegg and his last rival for LD leader both went to Westminster (independent day school), both went to Oxbridge, something in the city, MEPs, MPs.

Cameron in his first cabinet had more Old-Etonians and more people called David in the cabinet than women. Slightly less taxes - even with the proposed raise in personal allowance you'd still be paying a sizeable chunk of National Insurance, also Cameron lied last time about not putting up VAT then put it up to 20% first chance he got. They should have a bias-off one game. Make it Geelong vs Collingwood. Eddie and Dwayne Russell for play by play. Mark Thompson, Tony Shaw and Cameron Ling for special comments. What a shitfest that would be. &gt;"I'd rather let Jimmy Savile babysit my kid than trust David Cameron to run the country!"

FTFY No, those likes are fake. Even Cameron was caught out buying likes on his Facebook page. It's actually an industry, google "Buy Facebook Likes". You can buy them in the thousands. Doubt it will be in one. As someone said on the election broadcast, Cameron will be the last ever prime minister of the United Kingdom.  Clearly the electorate disagrees with you. Frankly the UK would be better off if Cameron was the "neoliberal" bogeyman you think he is - the Tories are distinctly anti-market in many respects. http://www.theguardian.com/media/2014/mar/10/david-cameron-facebook-friends-twitter-selfie He may be a good public speaker but obviously something went wrong in South Thanet didn't it ? 

Maybe its not actually him maybe people have got bored of UKIP, maybe they believed Cameron's referendum policy etc.  Except I'm not a labour supporter. And voting conservative is not "for the good of the country", it's for the elite. It's for Cameron's Eton chums and banker buddies. You know, the ones getting all the tax cuts! &gt; While I think u/TillWinter explanation for the result is lacking. I would not agree with the statement that the Cameron gov has a good track record.

Why not?  I think the expectation was that Cameron would stand down and Boris Johnson would take over as Tory leader. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr-Ia45UJ6Q

We don't want Cameron to stay. 1:24 was a screen so Cameron was supposed to let him do that. Can we "assist" people who dont want to die? For example David Cameron? FUCK! Cameron again? It's unbelievable how gullible people are.  New life and a new approach.  Cameron will have to defend against his backbenches and other parties.  It'll be interesting.  As long as they Dont od on austerity it'll be bearable. If you switch her name with David Cameron it'd still apply I wasn't aware that Blair or Cameron were intellectual colossi either? Well as long as he hasn't turned evil, that's all good.

who would you peg for the new Labour leader? Cameron Smith looks even more like a dickhead in the VB jersey. I'd be surprised if Cameron doesn't find a way out of the referendum promise.  &gt;FUCK! Cameron again? It's unbelievable how ~~gullible people are~~ people have different views than me Good post, but the links provided do not establish that Cameron has Jewish ancestry. And what are the chances of Cameron nominating him? Would undoubtedly do a better job than Cameron.  I was talking about Cameron He'll find a way out. Cameron is pro EU but has to keep his EU skeptic backbenchers happy. The AV vote is an exceptional model of how the referendum will go in 2017 (if it even happens). Scaremongering, disinformation and information suppression followed by Cameron getting his way. Depends on what you mean by better. They are both politicians so are arseholes but Cameron put on a better campaign. Milliband looked lost and didn't give any clear message or direction. 420 is over, Cameron... Spoiler alert: David Cameron will remain as PM Correct, he just parrots election material presented by Cameron and his cronies. &gt; Cameron will have to defend against his backbenches

Come off it. John Redwood supports Cameron (over Europe) in doubt i would vote for the more empathic human being, and thats definitely not cameron. Did anyone else hedge their potential disappointment in a labour loss by backing Cameron for PM when he had very favourable odds. He was 7/4 at one point and thankfully I've somewhat managed to temper my disappointment with the outcome financially.  Cameron has said, publicly, that this is his last term. As long as it is Cameron Diaz. i would say something snarky about radarX but atm all my snarkyness is being directed at [this punchable face](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/David_Cameron_official.jpg) It looks like Cameron will have no choice but to go ahead with the 2017 referendum They will almost certainly have quite a few rebels when the proposed EU referendum starts gaining steam. Personally I don't think this will be as smooth sailing for David's Cameron's government as some believe. Not a surprise. 3 party leaders gone in an election just shows how big Cameron and Sturgeon have won.  Cameron's Britain. There was passion in this, there was meaning. The guy clearly believes in what he's saying, but nobody cared.     

"hahah, he cant eat a bacon sarnie, hurhurhur"    

now we have five years of cameron given free reign. i'm scared. Cameron is heading off to see the Queen. Christmas come early for Cameron, getting a surprise majority then forcing the resignation of three major party leaders in the space of an hour.  And Cameron is En-Route to the Palace to form his new government Cameron's on a UAV Three for three. That's an impressive collection of scalps for Cameron.

In a great moment of irony the SNP did the same in 2011 when they took out Ian Gray (Labour), Annabel Goldie (Tory) and Tavish Scott (LD). I'm not convinced about this. If we had a more presidential style system where people voted for an executive directly instead of their local MP we would not know the outcome. Cameron may well have formed a government. David *was made the leader of the Conservative party by an AV system, and wouldn't have won that vote through FPTP* Cameron. Is it just because I hate Geelong, or is Cameron Ling one of the biggest flogs to ever button up a shirt. So sick of him talking about how fantastic all his Geelong mates are. Yep. Plus if it really was a shy tory effect that sent the pollsters wrong that's significant. If people are too embarrassed to admit to supporting Cameron, then how will they admit to supporting a far more toxic No vote.  Tories are off the leash now, might as well go play the Imperial March to the tv footage of David Cameron visiting the Queen to open a new government.  Hard to believe that bookies had [cameron and milliband at 50%](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CEbIMIvWMAAaA3s.jpg:large) for the prime minister just a couple days ago. Does Cameron have that much more charisma?  Which ads this? I've seen a Cameron Smith one but not one with Farah.  Things just keep getting better for David Cameron. When will ~~Rupert Murdoch~~ David Cameron give his victory speech outside 10 Downing Street? "Booh!, screw democracy" is basically what they are saying. The prats at the Cameron election wearing the Ghutras and swearing were just juvenile to say the least. We're one step closer to having our own national firewall just like China. Cameron hates the internet.  But the promises he made were only nuked by Cameron. He didn't personally break them.  I was really looking forward to a Labour government because I want a PM who doesn't owe the press anything. Murdoch owns Cameron after this election. He won after the press slaughtered his opponent. Did anyone else see a couple of guys dressed as skeikhs taking selfies while swearing at Cameron in his victory speech? Or did I just dream that? &gt; Why not vote for the Conservatives then, if you know you want to see their leader in power?

The high UKIP share of the vote is going to keep Cameron honest on the EU negotiation. It gives him a lot of bargaining power in Brussels. Based on the popular vote Cameron would still be MP of a strongly Tory lead coalition government... that the majority still didn't vote for, if a bit less so. Sometimes that's just how things are.  If they get someone with a personality they might have a decent chance. Surely it can't be that hard to find someone more likeable than Cameron? 

[HAHA](http://www.independent.co.uk/incoming/article9131069.ece/alternates/w620/p8cameronAFPGETTYfv2.jpg) Why would the SNP or labour VNC him for something that they don't want passed?

I think the opposite is true. Cameron would want to get a referendum passed but may not have the votes in parliament to do so.  Reddit is young and left wing which isn't Cameron's demographic  Probably because whenever I hear things like that I instantly think of Hitler! ...Haha &gt;.&gt; ..ha ... pls no Cameron. Cameron:  "I've just had an audience with Her Majesty the Queen."  
Brooker:  "Yeah well I've just had a Twix, so who's the f**king winner here?" Pretty much the entire tabloid media was unequivocally backing Cameron from the very start, slating Milliband at every opportunity and praising Cameron wherever they could. One of many reasons for this conservative victory. Depressing results but I expected Cameron to remain Prime Minister, just not with a Conservative majority. Going to drink and avoid talking about politics as much as possible this weekend And here is [David Cameron eating a hot dog with a knife and fork](http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/635083/stream_img.jpg)
 Clearly they do, hence why David Cameron is Primeminister with a majority Cameron's going to gut the UK similar to what Reagan did here in the '80's. I legitimately fear for y'all. Looking back at the 7-party debate, I can remember a lot from Cameron &amp; Milliband, a lot from Sturgeon &amp; Farage then pretty much nothing from Clegg and the ladies from Plaid &amp; Greens who's names fail me right now Reddit is very left biased and hates Cameron, unlike the average voter. Very appropriate! It's been a lovely day so far, 3 party heads resigned already and I'm stilling hoping Cameron will pull a surprise move and resign... If it stays nice I'll be gallivanting through the bluebells this arvo! Cameron didn't win big. He has majority of just one seat as of 13:15. He has 327 seats but the coalition had 363 seat in the last parliament. He has cut his majority by 36 seats.  Suck a dick, Cameron I'm sure, just like 5 years ago, Cameron will hold his first dinner after becoming PM with his overlord Mr Rupert.  Don't give Robocameron any ideas.  Knowing how happy Cameron is right now is making me sad.  after facing off against the wet flannel that is milliband for the last 5 years i'm 99% sure sturgeon is going to make cameron die of fear.

wait no, 99% *hoping* You could replace Cameron with a cardboard cutout and recording of his most spouted phrases and no one would be able to tell the difference hold ur horses bro

this could actually be the end of UKIP

cameron wants a referendum on europe

if we vote yes, we leave europe and UKIP is kill because nehbody want them for no reason no more Now that's what you call a sweeping victory: get a majority in Parliament, then have all your opponents get slapped down. Cameron's going to be doing a happy dance some where. Cameron just threw a grenade in a room and killed everybody else. 


Rage quit No, that's the exact opposite of what he said. We don't vote for a Prime Minister, we vote for a local candidate who theoretically then represents our region in parliament. The only people who voted for David Cameron are Tories in his constituency. &gt; 63.2% of the population voting against Cameron

That's a statistically incorrect assumption. 63.2% of people may not have voted for him - but to say all other votes were deliberately against him is absurd.  [The Conservatives gaining power reminds me of this scene (Cameron and Osborne)](https://youtu.be/c6bEs3dxjPg?t=228) I think the City will say that leaving the EU is bad for their business. After that, Cameron is going to say: "Our renegotiations with the EU have been very succesfull, and therefor we don't need a referendum." Suk, så valgte briterne Cameron igen. Goddag til endnu mere afmontering af NHS og skattelettelser til de rige. In defence of labour, their final term was amidst a global recession so it's not all their fault. But yes I'm of the opinion that Cameron has been rebuilding well and what's best at the moment is stability. Small "c" conservative can only hope so, but with the whip system and Cameron expected to be around for some time it seems unlikely. &gt; I don't think he as any bargaining power to begin with. The EU is simply too big and can do much better without the UK than vice versa.

Honestly, the EU does not want a Brexit at all. This gives Cameron huge bargaining power. I don't know what school you went to, but Cameron would have been on fire by the end of the day if he'd tried to teach at mine. Brown, Salmond, Farage, Clegg, Miliband. Cameron's getting a bit of a reputation as being the man still standing when his opponents resign leadership positions. Gideon Fellates Cameron  Cameron will have a fun few weeks while the bulk of his opposition flounder uselessly. Only Salmond and his SNP cohort will have anything resembling cohesion among the opposition. Just confirmed by Cameron himself. I can only hope the SNP demand agreement from all four home nations for a Brexit. 

This may be a stupid question, but will I be lose my EU citizenship in the event of a Brexit?

 Cameron put together an impressive small business manifesto a few weeks ago. I can't find the link as I'm at work but if you search for it on google I think you'll see it.  So who's excited to start saving for their private health insurance for when Cameron finally demolishes the NHS? Which is where the bright side of all this lies.

Cameron might be a cunt, but he's not Tony Abbot. Cameron's approval ratings are a lot higher that that, though, which indicates that a lot of non-voters are happy with the outcome. Obama's 2012 campaign manager Jim Messina celebrates David "Strong Leader" Cameron's win, for which he worked 

https://twitter.com/Messina2012/status/596541777294839808 Cameron's Conservatives completely rail-roaded the election. 

It was like the scene from The Godfather, after weakening the other parties (UKIP, Lib-Dem and Labour), the leaders of those parties all resigned on the same day. London is virtually all Labour. It's the rural areas that elected Cameron.  Guess we will have to wait and see.

But Snoopers Charter is an Instant No No from me and a loss of all confidence.

David Cameron is not a technical person. Interesting few years for us all. The NHS and the BBC could be in trouble, Cameron's got to make his cuts somewhere. Er yes whatever. Cameron 'has' a third of the votes cast, possibly one of the lowest to gain power. Hopefully the first graph will update soon for a true comparison. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_Kingdom_general_elections_overview It's pretty hard to hate Cameron. We could do a lot worse for a conservative PM.

Quite happy with the Green gains and Farage's obliteration, and the other parties are so damned similar it makes no odds to me. At least we have a stable government. Now that Farage is out I'm prepared to bet UKIP is ancient history. They've lost the leader that held the party together, and assuming Cameron delivers his promised EU referendum, what is even the point of UKIP?  This is a very simplistic answer. Cameron is not especially right wing (and no more right wing than Labour), and plenty of rural young people will vote for him. Case in point: most of the South West. Nope, not everyone.

http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-05-08/u-k-gamblers-trump-pollsters-in-calling-cameron-s-re-election Then we potentially have that floppy haired lumbering cunt after Cameron. Great.  Saying Cameron has "won a diplomatic victory" is a bit of a stretch.  I feel, it will start of stable at least, but Cameron will need to work with the extremes of his own party, which he might find harder that working with the Lib Dems This is just disgusting. Looking forward to Cameron's customary "democracy wins again" spiel. the amount of people who are commenting on it even though they don't know fuck all about it. "david cameron is the devil" "UKIP 4 lyf" I find it remarkably easy to hate Cameron. I ALWAYS thought it was Cameron alluding to Dog Day Afternoon. But maybe I gave him too much credit as a filmmaker. Oh yeah, I knew what you were saying, just a lot of people in this thread seem surprised that Cameron got back in, and are citing reddit as a source. Well,don't forget about the folk who killed themselves under Cameron's rule already. Unnecessary sanctions and not helping those suffering

So yeah,some were already fucked Really? Hating Cameron's like hating a big stuffed comfy sofa. Plus he let me get married.

Now Tony Blair, there was a PM you could really hate. What a fucking snake. Cameron's like there George W. Tories are like better republicans but still really shit. They haven't done much and are rich who're people.  Wait.. WHAT?

Did you Brits elect David Cameron again? Seriously? Thank you Cameron...  The die is cast. I feel strangely sorry for Cameron. Nah, Cameron is a puppet of the extreme conservative anti-EU wing of his party starting right now. As republicans are controlled by the tea party.

The tory majority is simply too small to govern without the support of the ultra conservatives. Just because Cameron doesn't act like a snake doesn't mean he isn't one. That's why Cameron already announced when he's going to leave If more people like you had made the effort to go and vote, we might not be stuck with Cameron again.

I mean, whoever won, we'd have a dick, but maybe not Cameron. Cameron doesn't have a personality, he just feigns having one. Her name is "Camren", not Cameron. All the "Cameron" posts have been removed. That doesn't disagree with anything I've said. 

The Rt Hon David Cameron ceases to be an MP. 

He does *not* cease to be the Prime Minister. 

We're not Belgium, we don't carry on without a government.  How you managed to shoehorn an episode of Silver Spoons into this thread is amazing, I always loved Kirk Cameron. So you're saying it's time to shag our sisters and behead Cameron? I believe so, at least we have it now, although Cameron leader of the conservatives did his best to stop the debates this time around. So would it be incorrect to make it unconditional and say, "As he returns to power, two questions will dominate and define David Cameron's..."? Now that Cameron's there for another term I think it's the right time to ask this question. I think a lot of Lib Dems are pissed about how the media on the left was so desperate to give Clegg a kicking that they gifted 20+ Lib Dem seats to the Conservatives. If Cameron got only 310 seats it would of made massive difference.  What lies were told to keep Cameron in power? 

 You standing outside my office again Cameron? what did you do this time? Yep the weak economy that they've sold as a stonking recovery, the EU referendum and the lack of a Lib Dem fig leaf to ward off his parties right wing. I suspect Cameron is in for a much rougher second term.  Miliband/Clegg/Farage gone..

"David Cameron sends his regards." We kinda did, Cameron is Maggie 2.0 If Cameron continues to deploy this bellicose foreign policy alongside the deep cuts he's made and undoubtedly will continue to make to the UK's armed forces, he's going to bring us a world of hurt sooner or later. Well it's already taken over the [world](http://www.smh.com.au/digital-life/digital-life-news/skynet-has-already-won-terminator-director-james-cameron-on-why-he-wont-use-an-iphone-20141019-118l0n.html) Well David Cameron just finished his audience with the queen to form his new government 3 hours ago, probably a bit of a premature statement. Cameron kept his promise.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4WuTZK6SFk Well, we didn't get to meet the man in the street, we got David Cameron telling us how vital a part of the UK we were, and some poor saps fell for it. Seems like Britain wanted Cameron.  I also hate football and its fans, so I relate to Cameron being forced to pretend he likes it =) What about this blunder then?

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/david-cameron-makes-another-gaffe-this-election-is-all-about-my-career-sorry-i-mean-country-10218341.html When I read the title I literally said "no..." to myself out loud.

Edit: Was pretty much the same reaction when I heard David Cameron won the election. James Cameron would be down there in a heart beat.  Reddit's opinion be damned.

It's the things that Cameron has said himself that makes him a tool. &gt;exacerbating the situation

I somehow doubt that..

It'll be interesting to do the demographic analysis on Cameron's next Cabinet and then see if we can legitimately apply the notion of toff to some or all of them.. Look, it's practically a funeral for Ed Miliband. Everyone, left, right and centre, are "paying their respects" so to speak. Even Cameron. They will say all these things, and again with the next Labour leader, and again... What about Desert palm and Cameron Creek apartments ? Did you look at these apartments?  I assume that's supposed to be Cameron, but it sure as hell doesn't look like him. Thanks, ~~Obama!~~ Cameron! Cameron's on the left of his party though. Without the Lib Dems as a buffer, his back benchers will drag the party as a whole further right. my first SV Fusion was Nikki... i was dissapointed at first but my divas division for rtg is looking nice with her and pro L aj , proL cameron and a fusion l brie... hoping for my chamber to yield a leg brock or brie Cameron is bad, but not as bad as she is made out to be. Her ring work is practically non existent, but I think character wise, she has a lot of potential. Is David Cameron the British Frank Underwood? I'm not concerned about winning a referendum.  I am concerned about the failure of negotiations on the issue, because Europe's reaction (quite rightly) is going to be GTFO.  Cameron ends up being backed into a corner.  Not good. It's pretty surprising how Cameron managed to win an outright majority. Even going into the last days of the campaign polls had them neck and neck with Labor, likely not even having a majority with the LibDems. People voted no because they didn't believe that independence was the best solution to Scotland's problems. It had nothing to do with being duped by David Cameron.  A lot of the Conservative backbenchers HATE Cameron, and will vote against infrastructure plans (HS2 etc) that impact their constituencies and/or just to spite him.

 When the time comes, I just hope that Cameron doesn't hand over the reigns over to Theresa May. Snooper's charter and banning encryption aren't in the country's best interests for starters. Cameron is just another snake, but this time with puppy eyes It depends on what issue of inequality you're talking about. I massively respect David Cameron for pushing for gay marriage. Yes, the divide between the rich and poor has risen but it's likely it would have no matter who was elected. Majority of Tories are pro business thus pro eu by default. Cameron himself want us to stay in the EU. A referendum will most likely be defeated. It's all about power in parliament. The Tories have a strong backbench anti-EU sentiment, so Cameron has to appease them by offering one. But, as a referendum, it's still down to the population, who are very in favour of staying. The NHS, to which Cameron said specifically said pre-election he wouldn't. Cutting Child benefits to which he said he wouldn't also doesn't shine a bright light on the wellbeing of the working class.  I do think the others should be above this, personally, but I perceived it as whining and that was my mistake, apologies. But that joke should also serve as a reminder that CAMERON SHOULDN'T BE WITH WWE Yea it's more like "player David Cameron's mom has allowed him to play 10 more minutes before going to bed" I don't see  how they could break away. Cameron has no incentive to hold another referendum. Could they break away without one? how the conservatives won by that much is beyond me. does no one realise that cameron will just fuck britain over. I think we'd have to be pretty daft to do it, and with even Cameron personally against leaving hopefully the pro EU campaign would get enough support.  It'll never happen. FPTP is the system that has put Cameron in No 10 twice now, he's benefited massively from it why would he want to change it? I just don't know what to say. Cameron hasn't hidden the fact that he plans to go Thatcher. Big victory for his party.          

At least the City is happy.   [Thug Cameron](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4WuTZK6SFk) Nah. Bibi is pretty much a copy of Cameron. That weird Murdoch/adelson right empire. The jewish home is just a bit of too far into the right. Thanks god the facists failed to gain power though, that would be insane  Pourquoi Cameron est une andouille? The Tory backbenchers have EVERY interest in leaving the EU. Europe has historically been one of the most divisive issues of the Tories. If Cameron doesn't deliver the referendum then his backbenchers will be SERIOUSLY pissed. PR. Not that kind. Public Relations. Cameron's area.

Actually, Proportional Representation too. That, or something close to it, was what many people really wanted instead of AV+. proportional vote is better but cameron refused to allow us to have that even though the govt electoral commission recommended that. Hasnt cameron said that the NHS will stay but it will be reformed? Nothing unless David Cameron lets us.

He could bend us over and fuck us dry. No-one in England could care less. "Thanks for your help Russell" - David Cameron. pas beaucoup, Miliband n'etait pas convaincant.  il n'inspire pas beaucoup de confiance.  Cameron, oui. Hague, IDS, Howard, Cameron - am I missing one? I think Cameron and his crew are much more right wing than Major + Ken Clarke though, at least imo Camerons wife doesn't look too bad either. &gt; Did you English elect David Cameron again? Seriously?

FTFY What did he do, exactly, as the minority partner in their coalition? It struck me that he simply let Cameron do whatever Cameron wanted. We have Can Cameron and an offense that is really only missing a QB Good job I couldn't find anywhere to bet. I was gonna bet Lab/SNP

David Cameron didn't do much to defend himself. The other parties were flying all over the place.

Says alot I suppose. People just really like him south. Grazie per il chiarimento.

Cmq ancora non capisco come Cameron abbia beccato tutti sti voti....sarà stata la deriva xenofoba che ha preso? Gli inglesi so molto più razzisti di quanto non sembri (classisti se vogliamo dirla tutta) Salmond just one his seat in Gordon. He's going to annoy the fuck out of Cameron Dr the next 5 years. It's going to be glorious.  To go a step further. Cameron has such a narrow majority he is going to have to pander to the right wing of his own party. This is going to hurt. Did Cameron win? &gt;Mark Cameron is Senior Vice-President and Energy Practice Leader with Hill+Knowlton Strategies, and a former Director of Policy and Research to Prime Minister Stephen Harper.

I wonder which side his bread is buttered on. A fake re-negotiation with minute changes which Cameron then tells the public are massive concessions, followed by a vote to stay in as people fall for it. It's been very obvious from the beginning. Christmas come early for Cameron, getting a surprise majority then forcing the resignation of three major party leaders in the space of an hour.  New labour, but I felt ed might have been different, I knew for sure Cameron wouldn't!  Who, Cameron? But you've already got him. That photo looks as though they shrunk Camerons face.  
  
I wasn't alive in the 80s, but should I expect anything similar to how it was then? Or worse? [@cameronu2](http://instagram.com/cameronu2)   
Not a page with a clear theme, just my life containing University, Guitar and Rock Climbing mostly. :) David Cameron's already saying he'll hold a referendum on EU membership. And that he'll discuss 'the state of the union' (Scotland, Wales, Ireland).

Fun stuff.  &gt;EU wise, Cameron promised a referendum on it in a few years time (2017 roughly)

I doubt this will ever happen. No one is happy David Cameron won. Look at all the shit he pulled in the last few years. With the imminent privatisation of *everything* and TTIP coming around soon, I reckon Cameron's going to be dealing some irreversible blows for the sake of austerity throughout this term. Hope for some sight of backbench rebel tories I suppose *sigh* Boris is in my constituency. I think Cameron will step down by the next election, and in a leadership contest Boris will probably win. Did Cameron just stage a coup? Because it seems like Cameron just staged a coup. I've never got this UKIP are tories spiel, The tories let in 300,000 immigrants, gave us no referendum on the EU (despite Cameron's cast iron guarentee) as far as I can tell, and I am just a novice, UKIP don't want either of these things. I don't think it will be as overt as it was in the 80s under Thatcher. Give her her due, she was clear what she stood for. Cameron will be a lot more subtle but I think there are bad times ahead with a return to old school Tory policies.  Cameron says he is a Christian, and at the same time pushes through gay marriage. How exactly is that negative for atheists? And with Cameron back in, the country slips further down the toilet.

EDIT: Downvotes appreciated. I'm sure he's going to continue his ways and make this a wonderful country. Just like taxing me for having an empty bedroom. Cameron is Pro-EU, he only promises a referendum on membership to win over the support of voters who would've otherwise voted UKIP. Well, not Scotland, obviously.  A Cameron government will ensure pretty much perpetual rainfall.   While Cameron eats a hot-dog with a knife and fork and nobody remembers. We've found Cameron's Reddit account... Right - but the idea of Ed Miliband becoming PM with less votes and less seats than David Cameron was widely accepted on this subreddit for weeks. I imagine this is what David Cameron has been up to today

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6ooDdKBykc Thanks for answering. In your opinion, what are the best/worst case scenarios for this? Do you think Cameron will be thinking 'damn, I shouldn't have promised that.'? Or will he be positive about it?  Basically the movie "Knight and Day" with Tom Cruise and Cameron Diaz. Same here. The #1 item on my bucket list is to go to a Duke/UNC game in Cameron.  American here. This is what all of your comments look like to me:

Labour MP House of Commons Prime Minister coalition Tories Whips Parliament House of Lords Monarchs Lords Temporal Peerage Archbishop of Canterbury Downing Street. David Cameron.

 I think the fact that 76% of the country do not want David Cameron to be in charge is a horrific indictment of the political system. Even if 51% supported him I personally still wouldn't think he had any right to govern but 24% is just a sad joke.  good, I dont like cameron and didnt vote for him, cant belive we have another 5 years of him  So, Destiny players of the UK. We've got another 5 years of David Cameron and austerity. How do you feel about this? What's that got to do with anything? Scottish voters clearly didn't want Cameron either, obviously.  Cameron did promise to create jobs - first day back in the office and he's already created 3 Luckily, since the Tories only have a slight majority, it means their eurosceptic block of MPs will be able to hold Cameron to account, lest they rebel and make him lose votes in the commons. It's not. It is addressed to Miliband and 6 others. These include David Cameron and Nick Clegg. It was made before some announced their their resignation.  I don't think it's necessarily Cameron we have to worry about, its the insane Tory back benchers who won't be shut down by the lib dems now I'm really concerned over. [Some statistics on austerity and it's effectiveness vs the resy of Europe](http://benjaminstudebaker.com/2015/05/02/britain-for-the-love-of-god-please-stop-david-cameron/).  Well good luck UK, how the fuck David Cameron won after all the bullshit he's pulled I don't know, but thank fuck I've moved out of the UK already. Never considered that actually - as the opposition will vote down a referendum completely, it'll have to be to the backbenchers liking. 
As a right winger I'm glad Cameron's majority is so slim- the backbenchers can drag him right if the need arises.  what I liked the most about the movie was that you dont know who the bad guy is until the shootout in the mall. Cameron made it very ambiguous.  Can I, as a mildly impartial Swedish person (though admittedly with an interest in UK studies in the coming five years), put forward the notion that the world would be a better place if Mr. Cameron fell into a deep hole filled with acid? I secretly wanted Cameron to win because he's more handsome than the others. Couldn't bear seeing those old ugly shits for the next 5 years. (is it 5 ? I'm not british) One of the most interesting results will be the new relationship with Scotland, seeing as how the Scottish Nationalists have won almost every seat up there but won't have any practical influence over Cameron's government. It's a pity, I thought Clegg was actually quite good. One mistake with the student fees, and suddenly he's the most hated man in Britain. Meanwhile, every conveniently forgets about every promise Cameron has broken while in office. I've really been attempting to stay positive, this completely kills any hope I had. I loved James Cameron's fever dream, RIP.  They don't want to leave the EU, sorry but they just don't. That's why the members who do want to leave defect to UKIP, because UKIPs stance is different to that of David Cameron and the leadership and the vast majority of the Conservative party.  I love clay but its as clear as mud that he is better than cameron. Can't be 5 years, there's no chance for the Tories if they change leaders right before an election. If Cameron sees out the election, he'd be viciously attacked for going back on his "no third term" statement.  The Tories certainly didn't do that during the campaign. They played England against Scotland. Cameron may have won the election, but he may be the PM to lose Scotland. One thing I will say about Cameron (depending if he keep it) offering to stand down after this election than clinging madly onto power before being ousted is a nice change. Internal power struggles are annoying.

 Cameron did promise a referendum on the EU but he has gone back on that promise before. If it does happen and we leave then it will likely reduce Cameron's been unopposed for years. Hopefully, the Clegg and Miliband replacements have some teeth. My old school, Cameron would have the flesh flayed off his too-smooth cheeks and turned into pâté. We are not David Cameron. &gt; Christmas come early for Cameron

Goldman Sachs, will be pleased. I wonder what state assets they will undervalue and flog to their mates next? No, David Cameron isn't. He's said he will campaign to keep the UK in the EU.  https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-reform-our-voting-system-to-make-it-fair-and-representative-makeseatsmatchvotes

Sign the petition and let's change things! Cameron has a wafer-thin majority, and the current Cabinet appointments have shown that he's more worried about party discipline (hence the appointments to please the 1922 cee) than electoral reform.

His party will rebel against it should he propose it. Better act now before Cameron cuts it My brother heard someone say:   
"Who is this guy i know i have seen him before"  
"That is David Cameron, he running the country again"  
"Why the fuck is someone i don't know running it"  
I can only hope he was joking, he was a builder in his 20-30s I actually kind of liked his style though, he seems genuinely friendly and nice, which are two qualities you don't find in David Cameron As somebody that has no idea about politics, is this bad news? I always hear my UK friends telling me that David Cameron is bad etc.  "David Cameron thinks the snooping bill is really good value!" https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-reform-our-voting-system-to-make-it-fair-and-representative-makeseatsmatchvotes He was beaten, he beat himself. Only James Cameron can beat James Cameron! David Cameron for 5 long more years :( Pues que se aplique el cuento porque Cameron lleva un referéndum para ver si salen de la buena. .y si un sale...se acabo It won't be so bad, Cameron is a liberal at heart. Exactly. The lib Dems job was to kerb the worst excesses of tories. I felt they did that well. It will be interesting to see if Cameron learnt any lessons from them now that he has a mandate.... Personally, I felt he stood for more than Blair and Brown. Standing up against intervention in Syria and the Murdoch empire are hardly 'swatting at coalition policies'. He was in opposition. What do you think David Cameron did when he was in opposition? Cameron is about as left-wing as Tories go. DAVID CAMERON IS THE BAD OMEN BEFORE THE NORDEN STORMPOCALYPSE! The Conservatives won the British General Election, now I have to put up with David Cameron for another 4 years at least. I am not overly happy about that one. I don't think Tories are monsters. I just want them stop fucking over the poorest and disabled. Is that really much to ask?  

I will go on my knees and beg Cameron and kiss his feet if that is what he wants.  And yet many people on /r/UK have conflated Cameron with Thatcher and her policies. Unckie Cameron was just saying kids were the best resource they had!!  Everyone's [thoughts](https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35b7w8/cameron_must_make_case_for_eu_membership_says/) about this - Cameron 'must make case' for EU membership, says European Council President Donald Tusk And David Cameron, a man who can't even remember which football team he pretends to support to seem human does?  Cameron won't care he'll be gone  How about Cameron makes the case for what he believes to be best for the UK's national interest instead of taking orders from Brussels and Washington?
 &gt; "Mr Cameron has pledged to negotiate a 'better deal' for the UK and hold a referendum on membership." I just wish I could have heard what was said when Miliband called to congratulate Cameron. Cameron got the objective and everyone else just rage quit  Why does everything have to be so fucked? Seriously, how can it be considered fair that Cameron writes the rules that everyone must play by. People who oppose him ironically pay tax to them which also goes to funding of his campaign. It should b equal. Cameron tried to move him last time and then mysteriously changed his mind at the last minute. Apparently he's the sort of guy you want pissing out of the tent. Ni Cameron es Rajoy. i would want to punch his very punchable face but ive spent all my anger today on david "lol my best buddies own the news" cameron I think that's the sum of it, not helped by the fact the Tories seem to have a great PR department and are used to pinning everything to one figurehead (David Cameron). I don't think so. Cameron might be promising a referendum but he would run a pro-EU campaign  Labour had the lowest share of the vote in Scotland since the party was founded and a lot of the top brass seem to think it's just about nationalism. I'm hoping some of Cameron's many bastards give him a hard time of it, but that won't be for some time. You missed the memo. Stephen Harper, John Key, Tony Abbott and David Cameron are the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. I've assumed that Cameron will whip the Tories into line over the issue.  But perhaps you're right.  Sorry, I've just been a little peeved over the Labour/SNP circlejerk I've been seeing on Reddit today.  That's true of course but voting for the Conservatives is a vote for David Cameron as PM. I definitely focus more on policies but it's an added extra that I like him and my local Tory MP as well. Yeah. I think negative campaigning will unfortunately become a major part of any future election campaign, given how well in worked for Cameron in swaying (presumably) a significant proportion of the undecideds. The Camerons send their regards.

 "resigns from politics"

Except he didn't.

"emotional verdict"

Not much emotion on display.

"on David Cameron victory"

Which was barely mentioned. So you're going to blame Labour now for what the Labour government did decades ago?

And not blame the Tories for what Cameron has been doing lately?

Cool. I still hope hill comes to form.  Benji, Funchess, and Hill!!!  O-M-G-o-s-h.

Also excited to see Cameron Artis-Payne! What Cameron says and does about climate is very different. &gt; Foreign Policy

Are we glossing over the potential disaster Cameron almost got us into in Syria?


And aren't points 3 and 4 essentially the same? Major's majority dropped from 102 to 21.

Cameron has managed to move from a coalition to a majority Government. 

You could argue his mandate and influence are on the up. This is the only thing I've found, wouldn't hurt to try.
https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-reform-our-voting-system-to-make-it-fair-and-representative-makeseatsmatchvotes?source_location=trending_petitions_home_page&amp;algorithm=curated_trending I am not really convinced that it would work, but I love messing around with tactics. I may try something like this in an easy friendly at some point. 

Geoff Cameron really is my only CB option right now so he will have to work.  It won't get that far, there is enough time to either dissuade Cameron on the referendum or have his government collapse with a convenient scandal. Im interested to see how whackily Cameron shifts all over the political spectrum to patch together an overall pretty poorly thought-out economic plan. I think the guy is going to be forced into some form of consensus politics. B-but who doesn't feel reassured by the steely gaze of Theresa May and Cameron? What the fuck are we going to do exactly, post a couple memes about david cameron? Or maybe photoshop a dickbutt on him, I bet that will definitely help.
 One interesting thing about the UK election result is that it will impact French politics. This is going to inspire the French reforming right. They will try and copy Cameron.  "Cameron complains of headaches specifically at 12 O clock." No, I'm blaming Cameron for what Cameron has done in the last five years. Here's where Cameron goes berzerk.  Wrong. Sinn Fein won't take their seats and the DUP will usually support Cameron. If Cameron's party gives +5% discipline, no wonder he keeps on winning. I would pick that candidate as well /r/eu4  [Cameron and Miliband have it off](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y1av7K1vhsk)

[Maggie](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tetk_ayO1x4)

[Bonus Maggie doing what she wants](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiMs165tVdw)

 Did Cameron fucking win again?? If the EU doesn't blink and doesn't reform at all, I can see a brexit being the most likely possibility. Chances are though Cameron wont get anything and act up enough like he is a conquering hero and we will stay in.  Fair enough, I can understand that. Cameron is a twat and now he's got full majority or something? Enda recorded the entire campaign and will roll out the Cameron Strategy any day now If Cameron dragged up into a conflict and botched it, he and the Tories would be gone in the next election, there's still outrage over Iraq. Actually Cameron's not the worst thing about the party, generally the leaders are the most centrist, and that really doesn't reflect well on the party... Cameron talked about quickly putting through the smith commission, not voting reform. Why would the conservatives change a system that has given them victory? Clegg's out of a job, Miliband's out of a job, and now Farage is out of a job. Cameron's only been back for 5 minutes and the unemployment rate has already increased. I would rather have someone who's a nice guy lacking a bit of charisma than David Cameron. :T The constituencies at the moment actually favour Labour unfairly by about 20 seats so it would be a fair correction imo. Cameron is too principled (and too fearful of getting called out) to go any distance the other way. You were inspired by David Cameron? The country hasn't been hoodwinked by Cameron, it's been shafted by an ancient and ineffective voting system and a political elite who refuse to change it. Last year we had "death eaters" about and this year Jim is getting into Gryffindor. I'm not sure jk 100% realises that she made all these things up and they aren't real... Or maybe Cameron is meeting the Minister for Magic right now... It's not Cameron you have to worry about, it is the tory back benchers who now have a lot more power because the Lib dems aren't there to counter them Oh c'mon now. Blair made short work of Cameron week after week at PMQs... he stepped down because of some agreement he had with Brown, and the party was starting to rebel and he wanted to get out early. David Cameron has executive powers. Try again.  I saw Cameron praise the Lib Dems, particularly Nick Clegg, for their contribution to government and their sense of public service. I also saw him being rather empathetic about the price they paid for it.

Perhaps you didn't see that. It's a long shot, but *anything* to keep David Cameron out. David Cameron's secret plan, what with all the defence cuts, Prince Harry IS the British armed forces.  He should have carried around a graph of the UK deficit-to-GDP ratio over the last 30 years, a bit like Cameron's Byrne-note-prop, and shown it to everyone who questioned Labour's record on spending Right?! At least my constituency stuck to their guns for Labour. :( Why Cameron, why?  # [Removed from /r/news](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/35at5c/david_cameron_and_conservatives_get_majority_in/) [Politics - removed]

 As much as I'd like to slap David Cameron's smug, polished face, that was actually quite funny. The argument still stands: *Should he return to power* should be next to *David Cameron*. Cameron Diaz is a mega shitlord, too.  Where is James Cameron when we need the bar to be raised once more. James Cameron where are you! We need you James Cameron. How old was it? *Like Father, Like Son* (Kirk Cameron &amp; Dudley Moore) had a scene like that.  Well there obviously are benefits, they just don't apply to most people. Its pretty great if you're one of Cameron's pals and you're going to get some NHS contracts, for example.  David Cameron's cuck government is nothing to be happy about.  I know Brown was the main reason but Cameron played a part, the 2009 Cameron would have gave Blair a run for his money had he clung onto power No one even mentioned the bacon butty till you brought that up. I didn't think Milliband was leader material either and I've thought that for years. 
No doubt plenty of people who voted Labour didn't think Cameron was fit to lead either.
 Harman couldn't win Labour a majority if Jimmy Savile rose from the dead and succeeded Cameron as the next Tory PM. Cool story bro.
Cameron would still be the PM in this case, just with a even farther right wing government. UKIP+Conservative coalition. # [Removed from /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35a487/david_cameron_retains_his_position_as_prime/) [Covered by other articles]

 Pity about all the kids who are going to grow up in the rest of the Cameron years, eh? It implies there is charisma about Cameron too 

Poor Ed :( he thinks he let us down but he inspired the next generation to take up an interest in politics, as a first time voter I'm so distraught  Yes. https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-reform-our-voting-system-to-make-it-fair-and-representative-makeseatsmatchvotes?source_location=trending_petitions_home_page&amp;algorithm=curated_trending Because they share a lot of similarities. Miliband is much more different to Blair than Cameron is to Thatcher. &gt;“Extradite Tony Blair to The Hague to face the international criminal court. Maybe send David Cameron along at the same time, better to be safe than sorry”

The Monster Raving Loony Party seems a pretty solid option to me... &gt;implying there's any chance of real change by showing up

&gt;implying the real solution isn't to get a referendum that the David Cameron promised and hasn't delivered Yep, SNP fucked it up nice and good. With Cameron now fully holding the reins and on the other side Empress Shillary is all but guaranteed to ascend the throne, I predict **at least** two more Western-backed major conflicts in the middle east.  Yeah, I liked Ed before this but fuck this made me feel horrible. To think this picture was ridiculed whereas I hadn't even seen the picture of Cameron before  Make Goffrey David Cameron and Sturgeon Sansa. What is particularly good for your business now that David Cameron is in office? Only if you care to explain. I'm just a curious know-nothing from the US. Cameron increased NHS funding in every year of his first government.

This was a Conservative manifesto commitment, not a Lib-Dem one. I did try to but David Cameron shut off my internet before I could post it. My favourite sentence during everything I read throughout the election was 'Call him (Cameron) a dish-faced cunt', from a CYA election story on Buzzfeed. It hadn't crossed my mind until then, but it's exactly what he looks like.
 That comparison to Cameron has an uncomfortable ring of truth. 
Cameron was super solid but I want .275/.380/.500 ! One of the sad truths about this is that arguably one reason why Labour lost was because- generally speaking- they resisted using these type of personal attacks against Cameron.  So in the headlines I read that many of Cameron's opponents dropped out after disappointing voter turnout. Is this part of the problem, that people don't feel their vote counts? Or is this something else? David Cameron won, If you care. 'fraid so. Cameron is quoted as saying he wants to strengthen the role of Christianity in the UK. Can't say I'm pleased.

That, and experts say his economic policy is a disaster. Yeah, keep drinking the Tory Kool-Aid. Cameron in 5 years spent more than double what Labour spent in 13 years. The blue tie guy won for those who don't know who Cameron is  David Cameron? Cameron right now. 
http://i.imgur.com/TmSdS.jpg Yep, nice safe seat for him. But that won't satisfy Boris; he was marked as the favourite to take over from Cameron, and he doesn't let opportunities like that slip by. Cameron got in, and apperantly is his last term, it just screams the Cameron salute of screwing someone over I'm not a big fan of Cameron but seeing all the reddit liberals crying has been great. Apparently to them democracy is only a good thing if you win. Cameron and Miliband are scum; Comrade Galloway was great... There was me hoping he was speaking about David Cameron. David Cameron:

http://i.imgur.com/gOsUIV2.jpg In a thread about Miliband's misrepresented image?

...The guy who went to ~~private school~~ oops, he went to the same school as Boris Johnson, so I assumed. and Oxford University, just like Cameron. I honestly think he's probably a much nicer man than David Cameron, but I'm a pragmatist and I know 'nice man' doesn't always mean 'competent man'.  David Cameron today said that a majority government is more accountable as you can hold then to their manifesto. I'm guessing that will be his defence of FPTP.  Oh gawd they re-elected David Cameron? Ew Ehhhhh I'll sit this one out others can defend David Cameron :p i want them to choke on camerons chode I would say that more people know about the bacon picture than his ability to counter Cameron's position on any particular issue. I know, Cameron should have just cut £150bn straight out, he is such a hypocrite It's not fair. David Cameron isn't a legitimate leader. ..he says, linking to a character assassination on David Cameron. Gotta agree with the others, that's absolute nonsense. For all his crimes, Clegg was pretty much the only one of those fuckers who seemed like a normal person. Cameron's like a robot with a face drawn on in felt-tip. David "Kingslayer"  Cameron Well Cameron isn't a legitimate leader. Really disappointing. A conservative government. David Cameron. No lib dem coalition to temper the conservatives. Bad times ahead... Step 1) Become friend of david Cameron

Step 2)Buy half of the NHS with the 10 quid

Step 3) Profit Are you genuinely agreeing that despite losing the election and standing down as Labour party leader, Ed Miliband is a million times more relevant than David Cameron? &gt; I'm no Cameron fan but I really wish people would stop with the 'Tory voters are all selfish and destroying the country' arguments.

No fan of his either but I've quit facebook for a few days because I can't handle the vile posts on there atm.  r/unitedkingdom - Complains about attacks on Ed, proceeds to attack Cameron.

 Hyperbole for effect. Relative to Cameron, he seems less suited to run the country. Not quite, the backbenchers are far more right wing than Cameron and he's already admitted he'll have to listen to them more this term. I vote..... Cameron. Cause why not? I've seen that kind of shit a lot, and I can't help but wonder how they imagine Cameron dealing with other leaders. I don't particularly see him as any fiercer or scarier than Miliband. Potential loss of profits. Remember Google, Starbucks and Amazon not paying taxes? Remember Cameron wanting to put an end to it?
How is it going to work in this case? More taxes, less profits. *[Is there actually any evidence of David Cameron doing the typical "Bullingdon Club" things?](https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/353tmf/is_there_actually_any_evidence_of_david_cameron/)* I voted Labour, but watching the debate with Paxman, Cameron came over as much much more confident and charismatic than Ed.  Which was the point I made. It was a defeat of Britain and a vote of protectionism, isolationism and division. Saying that only a con or ukip vote is pro British values is absurd. Cameron has a difficult job to keep the country together. Are you kidding? At one election early in Cameron's tenure as PM they hired people to dress in top hats and tails to follow around the Tory candidate.  Was confused for a second and then realized UK just held election. Sorry you have to suffer through more David Cameron. Well, James Cameron has a track record of making the most well-received sequels ever, so I'm honestly pretty optimistic about Avatar 2. Could David Cameron beat a 1k player in a 1v1 mid solo SF match? This is devastating. Ed comes across as a genuine person unlike Cameron, shame to see him go.  What policys are you against from them? They only have a few silly ideas most are great? Whilst david cameron wants to get rid of free NHS UKIP wants to put a billion more into it and hire more docters/ nurses etc Cameron was able to use SNP platforms to scare English voters, like moving the Trident missile base. Cameron actively campaigned that a vote for Labour was a vote for SNP. What's the argument between the Russel Brands and those who elected Cameron? I just get the feeling the likes of Putin would see Cameron as 'one of us'. You've got your figures wrong. 64% did not want him in charge (if you can't every non-tory vote as someone not wanting Cameron in charge) and 36% of people did want him ...despite how hard Labour campaigned against Scottish independence? Either people are incredibly dense and believed Cameron or its not so simple. Oh, you thought James Cameron came up with the idea?

http://paleofuture.gizmodo.com/darpa-tried-to-build-skynet-in-the-1980s-1451000652 The fact that people freaked out about bacon sandwichgate after Cameron was seen eating a hot dog with a knife and fork makes my head explode. I'm was miliband that said no to Obama and stopped us being dragged into a war in Syria. Cameron and clegg already had an Obama testicle in each mouth "Have a go"? How on earth is Miliband more relevant than Cameron? Cameron actually does have that special "smarmy cunt charisma." People think that politicians should have that, which is why they voted for him over Miliband. Don't blame Cameron too much if he doen't give you a vote. You had a vote on this matter 5 years ago, you said no. Cameron already have to organize the EU-referendum, devolution and other promises he made, before he can look into the electoral system. Its pretty fucking depressing how pundits on the radio are describing a future under Cameron's new government as a return to Thatcher.

as if that was a good thing the first time around FiveThirtyEight called it really badly.

There are a lot of similarities. Cameron focused on the economy, and Miliband made a bit of a dick of himself. Much like NZ. My recently re-elected Prime Minister, David Cameron with the question  

 "Will you honestly satisfy the needs of people throughout society, and not just the richest 1%?" and i couldn't picture cameron in a heated debate with putin at all, the guy backed down from Ed, and somehow Ed was portrayed as weak.. Cameron has lost on every international negociation so far. The guys a forehead. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/8169382/WikiLeaks-Barack-Obama-regarded-David-Cameron-as-lightweight.html &gt;he'd probably lose to a vote of no confidence the next day.

There's no way the Tories are putting Cameron to a no confidence vote without a massive safe majority, who will challenge him? It simply isn't happening, this isn't 1992 anymore. Cameron is an imaginary manifestation of Ferris's psychosis. [good call](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Cameron) The ironic thing here is that the characterisation of Cameron as some zero empathy toff who enjoys whipping servants and shooting poor people, is exactly the same thing that the author is complaining about happening to Ed.  Sponsored by David Cameron™ The Tories pooched the recovery with their tough guy act. See: http://benjaminstudebaker.com/2015/05/02/britain-for-the-love-of-god-please-stop-david-cameron/
 The Conservatives got in power, which means David fucking Cameron, the same cunt we've had the last five years.

I'd explain to you what he's done, but it'd take forever. He's just a fucking wanker, let's leave it at that. &gt;:( "David Cameron sends his regards." [Cameron] (http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/poll/2009/oct/06/hunting-davidcameron) promised a free vote before the 2010 election. I love you, too.

Add me on skype so we can discuss a few things about your application, please? CameronHh465. Thank you! Not very cringey. Didn't even hear it when Cameron said it. Total hasta Rajoy piensa que le puede pasar como a Cameron y es el que prepara las pócimas de la cocina del CIS, imagina lo poco fiables que son. Masterchef Moncloa. Not true. The Tories have a majority by about a dozen seats. All it takes is the rest of the House to vote against Cameron and some rebellious backbenchers that either (a) dislike Cameron or (b) want to do the right thing for their constituency. Cameron said weeks ago that if Tories won re-election, it would be a mandate to increase surveillance. **United Kingdom, enjoy sleeping in the bed you've made** I know right! Cameron hasn't even really been involved in the Ukraine stuff, it's all Merkel on that front, and yet people were slagging Ed off because they can't see him winning an arm wrestle against Putin. Crazy. well I guess Cameron won now so we got the good pick of the "arsehole" I guess? Next week, perhaps David Cameron, in honor of the Conservative victory in England? Or perhaps Nigel Farage, Margaret Thatcher or good ol' Churchill to the same effect? I cant believe Cameron got voted in. What a fucking cunt. cameron already tried to ban porn outright last time, but we got away with an 'opt in'.  He's after encryption now, but fuck it, we're tearing up the human rights act anyway. Cameron Ling said about the same thing late in the game last night.  Con lo que hemos trabajado para saquear al país según declaraciones de Dª Finiquito, y ahora buscan el efecto de Cameron de la isla. Also Tig Notaro and Cameron Esposito! Please don't do this. Criticise all you want about Cameron but don't resort to "dae le 1984!!!11!!1!!!".

 It makes you look like a moron and doesn't add to any discussion.  That's funny, I seem to remember Milliband accusing Cameron of being responsible for a boatload of Libyan migrants drowning in the Mediterranean all of two weeks ago.  Some guy in a radio interview was asked why he voted for Cameron. His enlightened response: "I don't want to pay more taxes". Ed Miliband on the left, and on the photo on the right is Cameron (along with George Osborne, Boris Johnson and their pals) in the Bullingdon Club. Sorry but there is *nothing* powerful about this image other than shallow first impressions.

Just because Cameron was part of the Bullingdon doesn't mean he never did anything good growing up; and who wouldn't want their rent to be cheaper? Hell no! I dislike Cameron, but I loathe Osbourne. I would rather Theresa May, to be honest.  Her name is kind of sneaky actually. Even I admit that I spelled it CameronBicondova at first.

/r/CamrenBicondova Miliband doesn't come across as a cunt though, whereas Cameron totally does.

Not a labour supporter by any means, just my perception of the two leaders. The 'Shy Tory' and all that seems to be quite significant in this election.  

I swear by the reactions of some people on this sub that Cameron rolled up to number 10 in a tank and staged a coup d'état Bernard Hill did pretty well for himself, too. Playing Captain Smith in James Cameron's *Titanic* and then King Theoden in *The Lord of the Rings*. First David Cameron gets re-elected and now this. Just...I'm going to fucking bed. Less than five years. Cameron said he won't stand for a third term so he'll have to leave at some point before the next election to give his replacement some run in.  Maybe you've just been living under a rock, the Cameron/Boris/Osborne pictures have been pretty widely circulated already. Kerry wasn't represented as a geek in the American media though. It was more like dumb Cameron vs Trendy Cameron. Even if cameron were determined, he wouldn't get the votes. The hell?  Is David Cameron's group trying to be the British version of West Side Story? At number 2 either Rodgers or Tate, whoever is still available.  At 5, if Swanson isn't there, Tucker or Cameron. I totally agree. At least socially, Cameron is left wing if anything Ed Milliband said quite clearly he wasn't going to revise the drug laws. He's no different to Cameron in this respect.

You're on a road to nowhere there.

The only major party that did say they'd look at revising the drug laws was the Lib Dems. You in britain? You like Noel? I would vote for him in a second! Fuck Cameron. (I'm not in britain so i couldn't name another candidate. Maybe Peter Capaldi) They're even going to have to deal with Cameron as PM David Cameron re-elected as three rivals resign No, Cameron is actually dead. Ferris is the only one who can see him. Yeah, the guy running away from plastic spiders is more necessary than literally anything else. I bet people who watch WWE would rather see Eva Marie wrestle an iron man match against Cameron than half the shit they put on TV. Is that Cameron Jordan? North of Flag out by Cameron on 89, in this picture at least.  Right? Right now? Probably David Cameron. No, the car's name was Rosebud. It was Cameron's dad's favorite toy before he became wealthy. Kirk Cameron's *Saving Christmas*. How can Cameron be real if Ferris isn't real? Of course, Cameron has never had any attacks made against his appearance and accent. Don't forget all the Farage/Cameron character assassination going on throughout the campaign in /r/unitedkingdom  No. the government will not allow another Scottish Referendum.

Cameron has made it clear he his dedicated to the EU, a referendum will be hold but with all major parties supporting it, we won't leave. Survival of the fittest, Cameron has obviously been reading *On the Origin of Species*. That's because he's patently not. It's not political banter, a lot of people actually think Cameron and Co are cunts. I'm one of them. How about instead of blathering on about the left you point to one decent thing he's ever done.  I don't know, perhaps it's just a comment on how ridiculously out of touch Cameron is, rather than a comment on how hip and down with the kids Miliband was.  Try the Zoo. You can spend just a few hours there then scoot on over to Gates for the best BBQ you've ever had:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eweotXxxJt4&amp;ab_channel=CameronM It could be worse. Remember Cam Cameron...or Tony "fist pump field goal" Sporano.  This isn't an attack on Cameron though is it. Let's not be disingenuous. I don't know if I believe that Cameron guy. All the Camerons I've known are dicks. James Cameron and Daniel Day Lewis.


My brain can't even fathom what would happen. yes, but Cameron Hanes is still a badass. "That's how Cameron likes it. He likes it in the back." Well, Cameron was a fucking joke, but I would actually rank Sparano above Philbin, at least to date. Sparano did fist pump us into the playoffs once...  lol cameron what was that Maybe, but a lot of people I've spoken to who don't vote don't even understand what the current voting system is and think that when they vote they are voting directly for Cameron or Miliband or whoever. Clarkson is a good mate of Cameron. There's still a chance.  &gt; Cameron

...you mean Scott, right?
 Who would you want?

David Cameron is honestly our best option. He has helped our country's economy after labour screwed it up last time. Your mistake was expecting people to actually read the article rather than use the misleading title as an excuse to talk about how David Cameron is literally Hitler. That's a good point but that's if we get an EU referendum. Blair promised one too. I know Cameron has said we'll get one but I wonder if he'll deliver  It's only going to take half a dozen Tory rebels to defeat any bill. Cameron is really going to struggle to get through any legislation, let alone something as controversial as this. If you're going to assert that Cameron has been doing dirty deals with business and Milliband is squeaky clean, it is up to you to provide evidence of that, not up to me to refute it. I'm not going to base anything on what I've read in a newspaper. what policies would make miliband a cunt? bringing back fox hunting immediately certainly makes cameron a cunt I wonder if Tony Abbott is going to knight David Cameron for winning the election? Cameron himself went against the party to push it through though. He asked for one decent thing that Cameron has done - well, there it is. The rest of the Tories are irrelevant to this. jeremy fucking cameron The question was what has **Cameron** done that's good. A perfectly valid and correct answer is gay marriage. He dragged his party far enough to pass it rather than playing Mr Popularity with the backbenchers.  **CAMERON YOU BEAUTY!!!!!!!!** DAVID CAMERON WINNING THE ELECTION AND THE GAME FOR GWS Ron Jeremy (Cameron) is fucking the hawks right now Jeremy Cameron is a champion. What a game he's having.  No, but there are plenty of Tories who also think that Cameron is cunt and can't believe he won. Maybe the problem is with Cameron, not the left wing or this subreddit? Dixon or Cameron?  Cameron Sort of. Cameron made a big song and dance about keeping net immigration in the "tens of thousands" but it was up at 300k per annum for his entire term.

I never believed the Bongs were actually this stupid. Difference being that Cameron had 75%+ of the press on his side, easier to make your case when you can actually get your points out there. If Cameron drip feeds concessions to the SNP Sturgeon will be able to claim that they are sticking up for Scotland in Westminster. Labour will have no chance then. Charlie Cameron, sorry. There will be a referendum. It's not something Cameron can renege on this time if it's one of the cornerstones of his campaign  Maybe, but he was trying to portray Cameron as heartless and cruel. **GWS vs Hawthorn**

GWS 16. 12. 108 def

Hawthorn 14. 14. 98

____________________________________________________

3 votes - Jeremy Cameron

2 votes - Shane Mumford

1 vote - Callan Ward Which party have they supported at the last few elections? Anyone with Rodney Hide or the Cameron Slater buddy Fran is going to be ever so slightly bias.
 Jeremy Cameron Hahahah he's like the Cameron Tucker of wrestling UKIP did sod all. Only reason we will actually be having an EU referendum this time around is because Cameron's majority is so slim that he has to keep all his mental Euroskeptic backbenchers happy so they don't rock the boat. Cameron's not a royal, unfortunately, so he's not done anything for the Australian people in Abbott's eyes. Not labour or Tory supporter, but I can't see a labour victory in 2020 it would take a large failure the Tory government. Although if Cameron is to step down like was suggested, maybe the Tories could make the wrong decision in who to lead the party. Was Miliband going to offer a referendum? I feel Cameron's playing up for the voters and his party, all the while hoping the vote is pro-Europe. I'm sure there will be a campaign of disinformation around any referendum vote The EU referendum is a lose lose situation for Cameron. I really don't think he relishes having to manoeuvre through that one with such a slim  majority. He could be Major the rerun. David Cameron I don't agree. It's a members' club, to all extents and purposes. If Cameron has the rest of the heads of government agreeing with something, then it'll happen.  Voted Labour, don't we why he  shouldn't have a decent celebratory meal out. This is crappy journalism. I wondered if Cameron was a handed a nasty tie that he had to wear by the man on the door, though.  Also, I think he'd stack up well in a first glance, head to head contrast against Boris or Cameron. He certainly didn't go to the same primary school as Boris. Or the same university as Cameron. Si, no saben que el efecto Cameron es para Podemos.

Saludos El efecto Cameron va a ser para Podemos, se van a llevar una sorpresa.

Saludos http://www.thepetitionsite.com/108/153/934/david-cameron-wants-repeal-of-hunting-ban-over-everything-elsewhat/?taf_id=13768265&amp;cid=fb_na# please sign!!  Thats because milibad isnt a cunt, whereas cameron is David Cameron is a prick. But I'm not really a politics person, so I can't say much. All I know is my family voted for Labour and fuck UKIP Damn Cameron Ling inb4 Greece asks for money from BofE or will automatically veto any and all of Camerons negotiations 

you heard it here first. **^Con ^Podemos ^se ^a ^a ^dar ^el ^efecto ^Cameron.** 

no como se lo quiere atribuir la vicepresidenta al PP, se van a llevar una sorpresa.

**Podemos Ganaremos**.

Saludos Now I have hopeful thoughts of Kevin Clegg powerbombing Sami Cameron on the door of Number 10.

Westminister would get infinitely more interesting if it was booked like NXT. Cameron isn't a looker... Dude, Dave Cameron is not going anywhere... Your pal Cameron and his chums just brought independence that much closer. Doubt it'll be worth it to all the poor/disabled/vulnerable people they're going to fuck over though. I agree.  Really, Cameron should best try and play the French and the Germans against each other, that's how anything in the EU gets done by outsiders.   The Americans learnt that a long time ago, and it's time we did too.  I'm all good. I think Jeremy Cameron is alright! Burnham definitely has dreamy eyes.

Might do well though to learn a lesson from Cameron with his long running cabinet and keep Burnham in place at health. He's done reasonably well there (PFI taint aside) and people want lefties in charge of health. I have absolute faith in Cameron to deliver false reform and wheel out every possible lie and misrepresentation of the other side in order to get what he wants.. I would have voted for the Conservatives.  

GO DAVID CAMERON! That's what people said about Cameron too. Who is who. Who doesn't have connections to tarnished past.  Right, cos the whole media circus when the TV companies tried to bully Cameron into doing the debates/interviews was fine was it? The BBC has a massive pro-Milliband bias, don't act like everyone was hyping up Cameron because they blatantly weren't. Ok, just find one comment where Cameron is compared unfavourably to Jimmy Saville. Or where anyone says his father is a traitor. *Then* we can talk double standards.  I think everyone knew Cameron was blowing smoke up our arse to get elected. We expected better from Clegg. david cameron goes to the game and, as one of his first acts as prime minister, forces crystal palace to forfeit the game to us...lvg then finally reveals that that was his philosophy. It's not just me. The Tories aren't well liked here to begin with. By the time this parliament's over people will be talking about Cameron in the same way they talk about Thatcher. no le llega rajoy a cameron ni a las suelas de los zapatos.

 This is a brilliant point.  The hypocrisy of judging someone on their image, which is exactly what many on the left did about Cameron, and exactly what people are doing in this thread.

God forbid some of us actually read their manifestos.  No that was the work of the Lib Dems in the coalition making him seem socially liberal, not Cameron himself. I'm sure Miliband wouldn't be changing the law on fox hunting at all let alone just days after being elected. Cameron is a cunt.  Haven't people been saying Boris will take over from Cameron? It's a fact that Cameron has far higher approval ratings. Are you 15 or something, that you have to call people you don't agree with cunts? Cameron's top left I've been personally shot by David Cameron, absolute bastard. The only thing David Cameron will struggle with today is wiping that shit eating grin off his face.  That is the tory MO, they hate the poor for no reason so do everything they can to make their lives even worse. How dare we not be born into wealth like David Cameron and his cronies.

I wouldn't piss on a tory if they were on fire. But the difference is Cameron looks like someone you could take seriously. Farage looks like someone who has conviction in his own ideas whether you agree with him or not. Plenty of others do too from all parties. 

Miliband just doesn't in my opinion.  Being pompous and privileged doesn't necessarily give rise to Cameron's ideology any moreso than Miliband's dad being a staunch Marxist gives rise to his. &gt; there was an authoritarian cunt leading the country would wouldn't have listened to the public if all 70 million of us were outside commons protesting.

Sounds just like David Cameron to me. haha as much as i can't stand cameron jerome, that was not a booking Near Dark. Fun fact, that was directed by Cameron's wife at the time -  hence the shared cast &gt;but the SNP voters wont forgive or forget them for aiding Cameron into number 10 

that literally didn't happen though Cameron only became an MP in 2001 and was elected in leader in 2005, and as much as it pains me to say it that's worked out quite well for the Tories.  I found this and interesting read:  

http://benjaminstudebaker.com/2015/05/02/britain-for-the-love-of-god-please-stop-david-cameron/ Can we stop saying this? We weren't given a choice, Cameron blocked the system people would have voted for (STV) from appearing on the referendum and instead gave us a choice between FPTP and AV, which is almost as bad a system. [David Cameron carves manifesto pledges into benefit claimant’s forehead](http://newsthump.com/2015/05/06/david-cameron-carves-manifesto-pledges-into-benefit-claimants-forehead/)

 That's the figure David Cameron gave himself.  Sounds like a nice theory mate. Hopefully Cameron listens to Dan Hannan, gives Scotland full fiscal autonomy, and I can watch how your theory plays out in practice without having to be hurt by its unintended consequences. I didn't think Cameron played overly well - some of his goals were absolute gifts. We really handed them some charity opportunities, sadly.  Did any polls at all suggest that David Cameron would get an overall majority? It is time to have a little less faith in the polling industry. [David Cameron, England football fan. From Time Trumpet.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AhTbOfXU5Gw) I know the thumbnail history, but I mean you talking about them sitting in the center . But Labour has moved towards the center (Blair Era) and I don't think you could argue that Cameron is a Thatcherite conservative, hence I don't see their function. To be fair, Cameron *is* a cunt. He was in the Bullingdon club, ffs. That's a life time membership to the hall of cunts. Yep David Cameron is gonna have his work cut out for him. This might actually work out in labours favour. Every  single poll conducted since 2010 made it look impossible for  David Cameron to from a government. Because Cameron is a cunt. 

He kills animals for fun, if you do that you're automatically a cunt. Let's stop pretending that everyone is equal.  Today marks the inaugural David Cameron derby Ma infatti che articolo di merda. Si avrebbe un parlamento più rappresentativo di quello inglese comunque, e il premio andrebbe solo dopo un secondo turno (a sto giro probabilmente per Cameron) **Kirk Cameron**: the greatest Christian film maker of all time. Ob boy, David Cameron must be so torn by this match up! I nominate that this fixture be referred to as the David Cameron Derby from now on. I think he'll stay for the EU referendum in probably 2 years, then leave after 3, giving heir boris two years to get settled.  Unless cameron was just pulling a frank underwood of sorts It's actually likely that a referendum under Cameron will be a complete stitch up and condemn us to being an EU province for good. A lot of Euroskeptics like myself don't want a referendum on his terms. He'll probably allow EU resident migrants to vote.  West Ham AND Aston Villa in the same game? David Cameron will be soooo confused! Hopefully the Eurosceptic block of Tory MPs will hold Cameron to account, he only has a slight majority, so them rebelling would make his government incapable of passing anything. I mean, Whelan (and Adam for that matter) would never be starting if Bojan and Moses were fit, so I prefer Muniesa in back if it means Wilson's out. Reckon he could play in the midfield though, sort of like Cameron but just way more talented. David Cameron has already stated support for TPIP so I'm sure he'd weasel EU+US^^+UK into it somehow. I reckon Theresa may will take on the leadership after cameron I think Boris is too much of a risk. No I don't think it's a good thing, but Tue public has no appetite for it and Cameron has more pressing issues on his plate. Best mids and key defenders out. Cameron is a legend and Schoey not good enough. &gt; That Miliband guy is not even that ugly.

Exactly, now if that was enough to destroy his election campaign, imagine what kind of bullshit people who look worse than him have to deal with.

It's also of note that he was shorter than David Cameron I think addressing this to Cameron is particularly hilarious given FPTP is literally the only reason he's in power rn  [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPtDpSPQLEs) perefectly describes Cameron's knowledge of football. You should try it, it's a good drink. Thankfully I'm not too fussy about the North/South divide, as long as you didn't vote Cameron. It was horrible for a James Cameron film. Everything was a straight cliche. The highlight of anyone's career to score in the David Cameron derby. Your claims need evidence. Please cite some. 

Putin had next to nothing to do with ww2. Explain Obama's connection to this man? Explain the relationship between Miliband and Cameron to this man? Unlikely. 

 https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-reform-our-voting-system-to-make-it-fair-and-representative-makeseatsmatchvotes # [Removed from /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35d95g/uk_press_says_david_camerons_toughest_fight_yet/) [Opinion/Analysis]

 Every single James Cameron story is simple and straight forward, yet mostly acclaimed. There is a reason Avatar gets shit on. It's just so *plain*. Execution is more important than complexity. Credit to the very talented Cameron224, who let me post this with his blessing &lt;3

[Also, the inspiration behind the build](http://i.imgur.com/vC2DuSm.png) I'm left wing and I think Milliband is a cunt; though I'm not sure how relevant that is.


People have genuine reasons to be vitriolic at Cameron and his party.
 Really? I suppose Cameron does look a bit like Thomas the Tank Engine. I guess we're even then. Exactly. I'm seeing so many complaints about Tories/UKIP being painted as anti-poor/racist, but there are no news outlets with the readership of the Daily Mail and the Sun labelling Cameron Nazi Dave for the most basic conservative policies imaginable.  &gt;  allowing us to control immigration, then it will be unpredictable.

They won't. Cameron has already changed what reforms he wants and dropped freedom of movement reform after Merkel told him 'no'. Cameron is not the person to be playing against Merkel, a lot consider him bit of a lightweight IIRC. Deal, although I got the better end of the stick; considering Cameron just won re-election...  Adam Rose. I think a stable with Fandango (and more) could be interesting. And it would give Cameron or Eva Marie something to do if they joined. "Party People." 

That's my average idea of the day. Funny enough, Cameron has expressed specific interest in signing up to the TTIP even if we were to (god forbid) leave the EU. So we're fucked either way. CAMERON. ALWAYS CAMERON. Did you see Cameron eating a hotdog with a knife and fork? Yeah how is this batted ball data collected? With instruments in situ, or can rival companies outsource the watching of games to cheap labour farms? Dave Cameron has mentioned that much better data exists, btw, only available in-team.  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11259473/David-Cameron-Im-ready-to-lead-Britain-out-of-Europe-if-migrant-reforms-fail.html

He did, or something to that effect.  West Ham? Would make David Cameron happy if they can't come to terms with Allardyce. Just give us the W and we'll make sure suh and CAMERON wake dont kill him  Cameron doesn't have nearly a big enough majority to piss off his eurosceptic backbenchers to the extent that not having a referendum would. It's going to happen or the government will fall apart. It might anyway tbh. People voted NO because they thought they'd see change for Scotland. They voted for SNP because that change didn't come. Unless Cameron gives them Devo-max or something soon I think they'll certainly leave if given the chance. Seriously? None for David Cameron? That'd probably be the first one I'd say, just because of his reputation for doucheyness.  &gt;there won't be

There will or the government will collapse, Cameron can't afford to piss off his backbenchers that much with how small his majority is. And no LibDems to blame it on this time. &gt; Cameron, Osborne and Bojo were all in the same class at school

Which class would that be? One is 48, one is 43 and one is 50. Isn't that just something Labour made up? &gt; More racism and anti-immigration bollix

Yep when Cameron said he wants the first ethnic minority prime minister to be a tory that was really racist of him. Is this the new thing for the left. Scream racist when someone disagrees with you They had to offer the referendum to hold off con-UKIP swing voters from defecting. Cameron absolutely does not want to hold a referendum but he felt he had to promise one to win the election. You didn't find it odd that James Cameron, a guy who makes a living directing movies, went - alone - to the deepest spot on the planet?

You tell me - Hobby... Or *rendezvous*??? Plenty.

Nancy Cameron Miss January 1974

Sample: http://www.holytaco.com/classic-crush-27-photos-of-nancy-cameron-70s-playboy-playmate/ It is that simple.

The reason we don't follow it is because it isn't voter friendly to say we need to spend less money over the next 5 years. Even Cameron watered down Osbourne's original plan last time out. So how long is it gunna take for [this](http://imgick.al.com/home/bama-media/width620/img/sports_impact/photo/cameron-artis-payne-aaedd692c605fe99.jpg) to look normal to you guys? I see where you're coming from. I unfortunately live in a Tory safe seat, so no TUSC candidate. Despite having another 5 years of Cameron, I think this is good for Labour - they need a total rethink. Civil marriage is a state sanction on relationships - even comes with a small tax break now courtesy of Cameron. I don't think Cameron has demonstrated he is competent so let's agree to disagree. Loons are the fucking best. We got loads of them up at the cottage on Cameron Lake. Great blue herons, too. 

People who never venture any further north than Newmarket have no idea what they're missing. [my face during last 2 days](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01762/cameron-david-happ_1762769c.jpg) &gt; UK's Cameron

Don't remind me. I remember me and my buddy couldn't find anyone who wanted to go with us opening day. "What that weird alien movie?" "James Cameron ya dumbass" "huh?"  isn't david cameron pro-medical cannabis? Me too. Arnold was in Terminator 3, though. Meh. Whatever. I don't like Avatar, nor am I a James Cameron fanboy, but I think that he's the only one who can get Terminator right at this point maybe some people you know like them but don't make hashtags about it and photoshop david cameron's head onto a male model's body. Although seriously, fuck David Cameron. Cameron won't be able to remain neutral around the time of the referendum though, that's when there'll be backbench rebellions.  Indeed.

My main concern now is how Cameron is going to rig the EU election.  John Prescott. He could represent the working class by (shock, horror) actually being working class, also out of everyone he has the highest likelihood of chinning Cameron. Depends on on how Cameron does.  SNP voter here, I'll never forgive *Labour* for letting Cameron into number 10 by monumentally mismanaging the PR associated with Scottish politics. It's like Cameron watched Fern Gully and said to himself... *needs more mech-suits.* Media fear mongering. Cameron has promised a referendum, not the promise to leave the EU. If the people vote to try,  they  will stay, if the people vote to leave,  they better eve the EU if you want any faith in democracy left.  The tories really are totally out of touch on internet stuff, Cameron talking about banning snapchat and whatsapp was funny, he clearly had no idea what either actually was. So he's the James Cameron of music? This is like the next Jim Cameron movie that isn't Avatar David Cameron will HAVE to step down now. &gt; If they respect the result and work constructively with us

hahahehehahaw  Salmond and Cameron working constructively in Westminster together, hand in hand! Yup, this was clearly the only way that a Barclay Brother could get to meet Cameron. What a cunning wheeze.  based David Cameron is attempting to do this in the UK Shouldn't be news to anyone who pays attention to UK politics. Cameron has been talking about this for the past 18 months. James Cameron is a soothsayer. He's [forgot] (http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/general-election-2015-david-cameron-forgets-if-hes-an-aston-villa-or-west-ham-fan-10203685.html) the team he supported. King Salman: I agree with Mr. Cameron. Such a decision as large as this one should not be declared just because of one man's grievances.  Blair had a successful first government with less of an majority than Cameron has today and the Conservatives also remember the debacle the EU rebellions caused under the Major government. I doubt that anyone is keen for that to be repeated. Not sure what you're trying to do, but I'd suggest taking a look at Cameron Hydraulics. Good reference for basic concepts and tables of friction factors, etc.  I agree, Cameron should have done a referendum asap in order to stay in. He won't get his way now if there's any justice. Saying that, there really isn't that much justice. I'm just having trouble seeing how the son of one of the Barclays about to join the committee of a club at which Cameron dined is really very juicy.  No, the issue is that people are so shallow that they think David Cameron's sporting preferences have any bearing on whether he is fit to govern, to the extent that he has to have his advisers come up with a team for him to support. Also they want to ensure it's a fair and balanced referendum. We all know Cameron wants to stay in. Really?  Even the Daily Fail is covering it ... in their own inimitable way:
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3074951/Socialist-siege-Downing-Street-Hard-left-activists-clash-police-following-David-Cameron-s-triumphant-return-Number-10.html #thanksCameron My issue was him having positive things to say about Cameron and negative things to say about Daniel Bryan.  Suddenly, he did a 180 on both, which just happened to coincide with the trending opinions of this place.   Cameron's back in power for another 5 years  But it's not going to be. Cameron's already announced that redrawing constituency boundaries to make it easier for him to gain a majority is top of his agenda; he's unlikely to support the complete opposite. This, this isn't even acceptable levels of good,

It doesn't even make the slightest bit of sense either, I mean, why are David Cameron and Ed Milliband with Joe Biden? And why do they have tea? Why is David working at a bakery? What? Were the backbenchers had a worse attitude to Major than the Cameron? If not... Expect this to change when Cameron fails to revoke the EU Human Rights Act. I clicked on that thinking "the Daily Mail is writing about Samantha Cameron? Whatever will they do for their affiliate links?"

[I really shouldn't have underestimated them.](http://i.imgur.com/kKkumH9.png) Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom. Everybody Loves ~~Chris~~ Cameron. Yeah I'd be very surprised if Cameron whipped this, considering it is ultimately a symbolic move more than anything. Probably only holding the vote in the first place just to get in the good books of some of his 90 year old out of date backbenchers. Also, in that episode, Dwight lifts a child down from the back of a truck filled with hay.

We see that child again in the episode "the Farm". He is Fannie Schrutes son, Cameron.   http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-10/riots-erupt-in-london-against-re-election-of-david-cameron/6458098 That was cancelled officially as it was going to be a protest against Cameron clinging to power if they didnt get  a majority. That's not going to stop people though, obviously. Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom.


The aircraft will arrive in 2 batches of 40 over 2 years. also getting to work with directors like James Cameron, Paul Verhoeven and John McTiernan who knew how to use him perfectly helps  Not my president....I'm not Russian or living in Russia. I live in the UK, and I wish Cameron had as much backbone as Putin does.  ##No more Cameron too? It's directed by James Cameron and is based on a dream he had. I guess it worked, which is why Cameron is about to pass a law allowing Fox hunting. What the fuck Cameron? Surely the conservatives are full of lawyers - why do you want a person whose only real world experience is as a News International journalist to be in charge of legal policy?

What is he going to do? Introduce Free Prisons? Cameron shouts "Thatcher!" BOOM Drops mike. THERE GOES THE SHUTOUT!!!! I LOVE YOU CAMERON!!! While the U.K. elections were a compete and utter disaster (fuck David Cameron), at least this asshole went nowhere. I wonder if one of those 135 voters was Thunderf00t. We are still going to lift our sanctions on the EU as there is no point in continuing with them.

Petrov will go to London to meet with Mr Cameron and hopefully improve relations between our countries. People are like "You seen that new cat in the Bulls? Bitch is fine like a mother fucker", but Cameron Bairstow is not a girl. Agreed. They did the same thing for T2, where they revealed that Arnold was the good guy. Cameron intended it to be a mystery going in.  Sky dubbed it the David Cameron Derby this afternoon. Certainly. :)

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/9669129/David-Cameron-surprises-allies-with-suggestion-of-arming-Syrian-rebels.html Then Labour knows what it can do to secure more of the vote, and the vote of parties it can work with, whilst practically shiving David Cameron's government.

Labour's phoenix is practically lying there in the ashes waiting for permission to hatch.   True, but at least our government hasn't put on internet filters and banned certain types of porn. I'll take Harper over Cameron. But in saying that the mainstream left needs to distance itself from them, you're assuming it isn't distant by default.

Nobody says Cameron needs to distance himself from EDL marches! Browns on draft day 

Nice Gordon smoke show to boot Frazier, and Cameron Mahrez,  Cameron, Pantillimon.

That's 31 points.

31 points on my bench. I reckon Cameron will mess up something badly an a major protest/riot will break out Apply the same reasoning to Juncker or Cameron who don't merely study the EU but are involved in running it...

You call yourself stupid then play the victim card; a rich trick to play. **You choose** and ain't that what the EU is all about, afterall. Cameron honestly seems better than Canada's Harper and Australia's Abbott. I think the UK is going to be fine.

 And the 63% of people who didn't vote Tory because they can no longer afford enough lube to survive Cameron's Britain Petition to replace Smug-Face Cameron with sun butt!! This is the quality level of debate we got last time, with the NO to reform campaign headed up by Cameron, I'm not holding my breath for this gvmt but I think Labour might do it.

https://dailyelection.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/no-to-av-soldier.jpg Tory. 

Yeah, Cameron will give us a referendum. But he's going to try his damned hardest to "renegotiate" our way into staying. [There is this one as well that currently has more supporters](https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-mp-keep-the-ban-on-fox-hunting-2) So basically you have no proof? David Cameron recently got re-elected with a majority, does that show that the majority of the population agree that austerity is a great idea despite any proof? Labour member here. Got a ribbing off of gleeful friends when Cameron got his majority. I dealt with it because I'm not a fucking baby.  Not clear at all, reminds me of cleverly angled photos of David Cameron and his mass support in a 90% empty warehouse. I'll stick to the generally reported numbers.  Are you even a real person? Your circumstances are like David Cameron's wet dream. People were getting ready to protest if Cameron tried to hold on with a minority government.

These same people are unsurprisingly upset at the election result.

Trouble ensued. I didn't vote but am happy with the Tory result. The letter was quite clearly a joke and I thought it was low of Cameron to use it so. Stand-out USA players (for me) in terms of future star potential/likelihood of impressing are Emerson Hyndman (M), Rubio Rubin (F), Bradford Jamieson IV (F), and Cameron Carter-Vickers (D). Gove, May and Cameron all support getting rid of the Human Rights Act. The Conservative party campaigned heavily on this in the past.

The Human Rights Act is a bad piece of legislation that needs to be scrapped. David Cameron  So what is happening with all the protests erupting all over the UK? I know that Cameron won, but now there are anti-conservative and anti-Tory riot news stories popping up all over r/worldnews.  Which is why people should protest that, so they can be convinced to change their views. I'm sure protesting them getting into power and vandilising David Camerons home definitley made him rethink the current political vote reforms.  Get a representational system like Norway/Sweden/Denmark. If you're going to fix it, then at least fix it all the way.

Britain is a weak democracy, and Cameron is an illegitimate leader.
 People at protests get irrational.  I don't really get the outrage.  The Tories just won a majority mandate.  The time to rage was prior to the election.  Do they expect Cameron to call another election because some folks are upset? Não, o recorde é dos estrunfes do Cameron, com mais de 1 milhão de espectadores. David Cameron
 I find it of how shameless it's for Cameron to exploit something he must know isn't true.

How exactly could a government run out of its own money, which it can issue without any nominal limits? The most accurate cartoon would be Cameron rowing towards austerity, with a powerful but divided team of opposing leaders trying to go in the opposite direction. However, Nicola would be the only one with the Plan B of a life jacket. Every time a Tory voter is called a cunt; IDS cuts off a disabled persons benefits, and Cameron nails a fox to a tree. This is sound logic. There is no wholly shared perspective. Except in that Cameron really sucks at wrestling. And life. This is how both Ed Milliband and David Cameron won their respective party leaderships. 

Both came 2nd in first preference votes.

  Except in that Cameron really sucks at wrestling. And life.
false Ok how about this:

Replace David Cameron with Cadence, The Queen with Celestial, let her lead Englan to re-conquer America and instate Luna as overseer of the USA.  No. Cameron was legitimate 2010-2015 because he had majority support with 59,1%.
Tony Blair was illegitimate.

The larger the divide, the less legitimate it becomes.


 I doubt the David Cameron will break his promise with regards to the cuts (this is his second term after all). Cameron did PPE and achieved a 1st class degree. Why do people just make up lies for fun? I thought it was David Cameron's beloved ~~Aston Villa~~ West Ham. Given the last 5 years and their track record in general, Cameron is the last person I'd trust to create a compassionate and fair Human rights act for the UK. This is the other side of the argument I was looking for thanks. 

What do you know about Cameron being able to spy on communications if the HRA is scrapped?  I disagree with the initial premise that the center-right does not govern in this country. Sure, an ostensibly center-left party is in power, but it has governed just as Abbot, Harper, Cameron, Kenny, and Key have. My working theory is that Cameron somehow managed to convince everyone that everything that they didn't like in the last five years had nothing to do with him and was all Clegg's fault.  Cameron makes Clay look like the scene from Ghost.  -soft-

He's going to be a monster.  I remember people on the internet gloating that Cameron's film would be a surefire bomb...  It's ok, we know [how to deal with those if they don't go the way we want](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-10/riots-erupt-in-london-against-re-election-of-david-cameron/6458098) Cameron Esposito episode is here:

http://www.video11.com/m/?id=204838 Her name is [Cameron Intima](http://imgur.com/a/jWEn5/embed#0), and yeah, it's photoshopped. How much you have to drink?

M: Cameron,  the girl that runs the Alvea and Nihlus account. 

 I was never a Clay fan. 
He was a one year wonder, and the NFL is filled with them.  Sure he played hard, but he wasn't good, or elite. 

Cameron is.  if you just skip the Cameron and Eva Marie segments Total Divas is great, John Cena on the show is a bonus. I loved watching Clay play, he was pretty hit or miss in games though, I think a lot of it had to do with him playing through injuries in this latest season. But I am definitely excited to see what Jordan Cameron can do with an actual QB throwing to him. Cameron wake. 

3 sacked. 
1 forced fumble 
1 fumble recovery. 
1 safety 
 No, that is not what I'm saying! I'm critizing Cameron's strategy, not the fact that you will get your referndum. OK, so what ammo does Gove have on Cameron? What does he know that he could drop on the country to absolutely crush Cameron? Jamie, casey, pat, cameron... There are also about a trillion currently in fashion gender neutral names, like hunter, Jordan, harley, caden, etc etc  The first step to increasing support is raising awareness. Now more people are aware that Cameron is scum, are they not? Cameron again in the UK.  Canada keeps sending Harper back.  Australia still has Abbott.  It makes me fear what 2016 will bring in the US.   Yeah but it's not like Cameron smashed him with a fucking great hammer in the Thames HIMYM/OUaT aside, Cameron [spoiler] (/s "almost killed Dibala herself, then") gets super judgmental of Chase for doing it. It's a good grey-area topic, but it seemed weird to me that she would react that way toward Chase, or even House for that matter It makes me lol when people on all sides of the political spectrum say the BBC is biased etc and then link you to www.thetoriesareshitsandshoulddie.org/fuckcameron/45reasonstheconservativesdrinkthebloodofchildren You hit your putter 30-36 times a round. You hit your driver 14. 

Your call, but a GOOD putter will net GOOD results right away. Unless your driver is just really bad, then you should probably get a putter. You can get a new Cameron easily for 350.  The high school improv sketch was my favorite part of the Cameron Diaz episode --- I'm excited. Ugh, and Brady getting to throw to Marshall, Decker, Edelman, Watkins, Landry, Gronk, Amaro, or Cameron? And a one two punch of Shady and Ivory? Dear Jesus. Or we trade the number one pick for Cameron It's a deeply divided party. David Cameron can't actually do whatever he wants because of all the divisions inside his party With the Lions luck, Cameron will be injured the second we get him Cameron Wood's favourite movie *would* be Butterfly Effect. She is "Katie Hopkins Lite". Maybe that explains it. Plus she was elected with much fanfare a few years back and then almost immediately resigned when Cameron didn't make her a minister in her first term. Delusions of grandeur. And James Cameron did some of the matte paintings for the film too when he worked for Roger Corman.  "Danny Wicks riding Cameron Smith, beautiful" wow out of context that sounds wrong "Danny wicks riding cameron smith beautifully there" Wicks has been on /r/nrl too much apparently  Had this been a few years ago, I would have said Harper, especially after the cheap late hit on Smith, and the ensuing fight. With that said though.... I would have to say that it would likely be Cameron Jordan or Curtis Loftin after the fight this year. I highly recommend a book called The Artist's Way by Julia Cameron. Nice! Shame the UK just put that twat Cameron back in though. Didn't he say that Britian was a "Christian nation?" The center quietly votes. The far left/right scream. Hence the recent election result.

Neither Miliband nor Cameron are particularly far left/right. The parties are fairly close together atm. These are both great sites, unfortunately my local mp is David Cameron, so it's an exercise of pissing in the wind.  Future historians may someday say Cameron won the election, but he lost Scotland. I was expecting James Cameron at the end, but better to give credit to the originals. Crazy we've even been down that far. Glorious based overlord Cameron. Cameron smith just kicked that ball at a baby. "Cameron Smith Hates Babies"
- Daily Telegraph
 
http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-10/riots-erupt-in-london-against-re-election-of-david-cameron/6458098 &gt;How have their plans been released so soon?

Jeremy Hunt, Theresa May, and Cameron have indicated that this government will restore fox hunting, increase surveillance and snooping, and make further budget cuts. Not a problem at all. I didn't like it when the first Prime Minister was younger than me though which happened last time David Cameron got in but that might be because I can't stand they guy. And I've yet to experience my first younger boss.  This is going to be the single most unpopular thing that this government does probably. Hilarious that Cameron has placed Gove in the position to deal with this. I think he really hates him! They won't realize, don't be ridiculous. Everybody will keep on believing that the bad things that are happening are out of our control and the good things are the direct result of D. Cameron and T. May, just like the papers say. It's a genius idea from Cameron. He quietly favours retaining the HRA so who is the best person to fuck up the abolition? Step forward, Mr Gove! Yeah! IIRC thats where James Cameron went James Cameron mentioned that there was some life but it was very sparse Would Cameron let it happen though? A SNP vote isn't necessarily a vote for independence, and it's not viable to have a country voting to leave the union all the time- would cause too much instability. So who did he say you should vote for?,as long as it wasn't Cameron  U.S.

David Cameron's party won in a landslide, the U.K. may leave the Euro-Zone and we'll hear of a second Scottish referendum.  I know. I'm just bitter after thursday. It's annoying as every party across the board has gone back against their word. Cameron even said that he would cut immigration or 'kick me out' etc.  wasn't that Bram (Kenneth Cameron) that got fired? http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2979135/I-ll-cut-immigration-kick-Cameron-told-voters-election-numbers-arriving-soared-300-000.html There's a block of backbenchers who despise Cameron and want extensive EU renegotiation, I wonder if we're going to see some more defections before the referendum too. Interesting times ahead!  Don't show it to Cameron, he might just overreact and call Gloria. (she knew them..) Hasn't Cameron been fairly clear that he is pro Europe? The referendum seems to be primarily a negotiating tactic with the eu with the additional benefit that it may shut the euro sceptics up for a while when they get trounced. They probably did, and have been for the past 5 years. It just goes unreported for the most part, this tiny protest is being televised as it gives legitimacy to the Cameron government. [It's done a lot of good, mind you](http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/1k239g/cameron_we_need_to_look_at_scrapping_the_human/cbkmj03)

Plus the majority of these stories (including the cat one Theresa May talked about) were complete bullshit. [Let my Cameron go!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIqWSPUh2rY&amp;t=1m21s) So much talk of corruption in this election. Nobody believes the results were true, only those who voted for Cameron. &gt; Cameron is a liberal at heart

Hahaha, implying Cameron has a heart... Cameron and Bross. Fine, Cameron is a liberal deep down. How exactly could Cameron have brought about a referendum in 2013? He was in coalition with the Lib Dems who would not vote for it and neither would any of the opposition. He didn't have the votes to call a referendum in 2013, he does now.
 Sorry if this is a stupid question but I'm not very politically au-fait. If Cameron is in favour of something, does this mean that if most of his party's members are against it, it won't happen anyway? Cameron cause why the fuck not? I'm a full blown tory and I cringed every time Cameron mentioned that note. Awful to take the piss out of the public like that. Before the comment I sneakily changed Betts to Cameron. Pearce is/was leading inside 50s for the league for a player I think, he's looked solid all season, underrated. It's fine to criticise David Cameron for being a rich boy though  You mean like when Cameron promised not to increase VAT? I saw one protester asking a police what his opinion on Cameron was. He gave a sort of magnanimous shrug. &gt;Margot Wallström vill förtydliga att det hon beklagar är Labours tillbakagång, inte hela valresultatet. Hon gratulerar David Cameron till valsegern.  I'll pay for your ticket if you kill and replace David Cameron

Yes I'm aware the pay is shit and the job impossible but dammit man someone has to do it  _Cameron_. RE: a letter written to David Cameron "by an 11 year old girl" (clearly written by her parents) about him selling the NHS and "making the poor poorer and looking after him and his friends" 
(She deleted the post shortly after this)  Then The Terminator was James Cameron's way of metaphorically blowing the whistle? Fuck That.  I want to hear more about these dragons Cameron has in store.   Where the hell were they in the election campaign?  

And here we all were saying Tories were Lannisters....   I've pulled 4 SV supports since entering the tier. I've had 3 other SV pulls (HHH non suit, Miz, and Cameron). I hope you don't have the same luck. On the bright side Miz and a couple supports turned into Fusion Bryan, Cena, and Roman.  &gt; Given the last 5 years and their track record in general, Cameron is the last person I'd trust

*for anything* His name is Jaaaaames Cameron, the bravest pioneer High end, no better steak in town than The Top. More reasonable prices, most of the Cameron Mitchell restaurants, especially Camerons, The Pearl, Mitchells. Welcome to camerons england,our new motto is "I've got mine,go fuck yourself" There was once a man named Cameron,

Head of the Tory party,

Somehow he got re-elected

Now the country's really arsey.


^I ^am ^not ^a ^poet. David Cameron slowly tears UK apart... then I realise, it's already happening. The video is down!!!!  NOOOOO!!!!!

I've seen it before but wouldn't miss a chance to see it again.  [Here's your chance!](http://www.dailymotion.com/us?ff=1&amp;urlback=%2Fvideo%2Fx1dgbs_cameron-diaz-softcore-sm-1992_redband) ITT James Cameron is a cyborg sent back in time to write The Terminator and ensure the creation of Skynet. I'll be honest here; Cameron and the "snoopers charter" aren't going to be great for the people of Britain (in my opinion) but with a majority of 6 MPs out of 650, the Conservatives can't afford to be totalitarian. Yep unfortunately people thought that labour was against "wealth creators". Ed milliband also failed to tackle the Tories narrative on the economy. I watched him on PMQ shrink away from a fight when he could have ripped David Cameron to pieces. Gove was fired to make the election less toxic. Cameron is repaying the favour.  Cameron and Osborne backed their spending plans going into 2008. So they were happy to hang their hat on it Plus it's not like the Tory core voters were up in arms about it either. The people most pro gay marriage are very unlikely to vote Conservative (or vote at all!), yet Cameron did it anyway.  Training [this guy!](http://www.neopets.com/petlookup.phtml?pet=camerondallas_) Training is hella expensive lol, and I'd really appreciate dubloons of any denomination!

Thanks for doing this :D David Cameron wants to legalise hunting and killing of what? Cameron. Your link to Cameron, Allen and Thomas leads to Julio or AJ oops,  someone shared it moaning about cameron and I got wrapped up in the headline and forgot to check, still bad in any case And five years after Cameron's government first came to power. It's disingenuous to act like these people have no basis for disagreeing with the Tories. I think Cameron will have a good year with Miami. He has a good quarterback placing the passes into his hands. 

He no longer has to dive into the ground for a pass.

Our offense will be more enjoyable to watch. Don't think it was that terrible of an idea. James Cameron basically wanted to test all his new effects, and the movie made 2.9 billion dollars in doing so. Hadn't considered Cameron would be forced right (probably too lefty myself to see how much further right he could go)... That is a very good argument for Labour to tread the centre. Thanks.  Blair had to schmooze to keep them onside (admittedly bad), whereas under Cameron they're already ideologically supportive and deeply connected. Gove and Coulson both ex-Murdoch employees, for example. There's one on change.org to keep the fox hunting ban https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-mp-keep-the-ban-on-fox-hunting-2 sorry my mate posted this on fb with a cameron caption and I just saw red and didn't read the date, its from 5 months ago someone shared it moaning about cameron and I got wrapped up in the headline and forgot to check the date, its from 5 months ago, still bad in any case You already saw the beginning of it in the debates where Sturgeon/Wood asked Cameron if you need a Yes vote in each country of the UK or an overall majority. Will never happen obviously but it plays to their advantage to call for it. 
 Abre Los Ojos was a much better movie and Cameron Diaz is just awful.  The SNP won over 50% of the vote in Scotland. Cameron doesn't technically NEED to do anything. But to do so would be incredibly foolish. You should probably add that a more proportional system would have likely resulted in a Conservative/UKIP/DUP coalition which would, if anything, be worse (since the Conservative Party right now is run by centrists like Cameron and May). He's not a great OC either. He was initially really good when he took over for the Ravens when Can Cameron was fired, but the next season was just not good. If the Lions didn't make him their coach first, he was about to be fired from the Ravens. That would maybe be true if Cameron wasn't abhored by his right wing for his social liberalism on things like gay marriage, etc. Trust me, the dinosaurs will make Cameron dance to his tune. And that will alienate the modernist wing. &gt;Mr Cameron is hoping to derail any move to Scottish Hole Rule within the UK

Hole rule, indeed. [The Cameron Death Worm!](http://i.imgur.com/VDbbu0l.png) So you can wear one if you get a concussion? Well I'm excited for badass looking Jordan Cameron.  The unions strike back! I have the vague impression that cameron may deal with that old leftist movement pretty soon. Evolve pls... After labour we got new labour, thanks to poodle blair. Richer and richer btw! And what next? New new labour? Change name HAHAHAHA CAMERON MAYBIN How is Cameron Maybin Only 28, he's been in the MLB forever This isn't really nickelback though. It's bigger than that; it features Chad Kroeger, Josey Scott from Saliva, Tyler Connolly from Theory of a Deadman, and Matt Cameron (pearl jam and soundgarden) this is the r/guiltypleasuremusic supergroup \&gt;go in

\&gt;tell them I didn't vote Conservative

\&gt;get what I need

\&gt;leave

[lelyingtoryface.jpeg](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02217/cameron_2217690b.jpg) Cameron is a a Europhile, the referendum is highly likely a no. This is not 1992 repeated.

The sky is not falling in, you don't need private health insurance and the disabled aren't being chucked over the white cliffs of Dover. For the lazy... and disturbed. :)

http://happypuppies.net/


***Have a wonderful day /u/builtforcameron! Be safe.***
- Address must be in USA , sad face.

Show some love for the UK bro, holy shit do we need it. 5 more years Cameron and Osborne fucking the working man up the arse. Shit times ahead. So UKIP and Greens got over 5 million votes and two MP's, Cameron and his chaps got 11.3 million votes and 331 seats.

Yeah, doesn't seem fair. So as summer rae, layla, aksana, Cameron! Cameron House. Dunbartonshire, but I'm not sure if that's more or less specific.  The idea of the UK actually leaving the EU is very much exaggerated in /r/europe and is certainly an uphill battle for the ones opposed to the EU, Cameron wouldn't have promised a referendum if it wasn't.   Cameron's father probably murdered him later that night. I wouldn't put Summer Rae or Layla in the same boat with Aksana and Cameron.  They might not be the best females there, but they're nowhere near as bad as those two. Which is my point. In a way it won't be as easy as people think for Cameron. He could handle a few rebels before. Now the line is slender.  Say "Cameron is a wanker" 5 times and eat a deep fried Mars Bar. Welcome tae Scotland! Take my Cameron hooome~ i seem to recall a few chesterfield fans jumping on the pitch  and punched Bury's Cameron Belford
 Dude...are you on crack?  It quite literally was taking the alien mythos into blockbuster action movie. That was Cameron's entire goal and he did it well. The budget was huge and it had good/great returns. Cameron has to stay for a while, if only to gloat about it. And to crush the humans further. How would I be joking?  Even the sight of Cameron and Osborne back in no.10 was enough to get large crowds to protest.  How do you think people will feel once £12bn of welfare cuts and other Tory policies begin to take effect? &gt; At this point the Na'vi ship has sunk, hit the bottom of the ocean, has rusted into a pile of scrap and been eaten by bottom feeders.

Maybe James Cameron will pay them a visit soon. I was going to say David Cameron, Piers Morgan or Katie Hopkins. 

But if we are sticking to WWE... I'll just break the rules and still say David Cameron. 

 It isn't Tory Party policy to leave the EU, the policy is to have a referendum. It will be up to the campaign in favour of leaving, which Cameron will not be part of no matter what happens over the next two years, to do that. You utter Cameron.  Yes please. Dream director would still be James Cameron. Hey look it's Cameron Diaz. Cameron Wake too. But good Lord does he do a good job at it.  I thought the complete opposite about Abre Los Ojos versus Vanilla Sky. I thought Cameron Crowe really captured the heart and soul of the story altogether. I really felt Tom Cruise's character. Last year Cameron made a [pledge](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/11133381/David-Cameron-promises-tax-cuts-if-Conservatives-win-2015-election.html) to scrap zero hour contracts, what happened? Wow, you managed to make me feel sorry for David Cameron good job. You almost got it all

&gt;Mr Cameron also pledged to scrap exclusive zero hours contracts which tie people to a company without the guarantee of work.
 Cameron Crowe literally went undercover at a high school before writing that movie. He's the original 21 Jump Street. Female cabinet members are probably much safer than male ones, as Cameron doesn't want to be attacked by Labour for having too few of them. It's not your idea buddy. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/eu4/comments/3576x5/real_life_eu_iv_do_you_dare_cameron/ Cameron How can this be?  I didn't think David Cameron was standing for a Welsh constituency. There won't be a BBC though will there guys? It'll just be Murdoch owed broadcast looping Cameron explain the way out of poverty 'Work sets you free'. Am I right?! &gt;cameron94

I assumed you were a fan.

But since you're a whig you should be standing up for this shop owners right to do trade in whatever way he wishes and with whomever he likes, including adding his own rates. About half the Tories voted against it, but Cameron himself championed it. Was a bit of an odd one. At least you have Nicola Sturgeon. We have Cameron for another 5 years. I think you mean the conservative party. Don't confuse us all with that cunty prick Cameron in number 10.     
I'd like to think that a vast majority of us are good people.  Nice to see David Camerons priorities. 

I expect Gove has been placed here to do a specific job, cover up the westminster pedophile rings, axe human rights and bring back the death penalty. Given the Conservative majority includes a lot of fractious backbenchers on the right I suspect Cameron wants someone competent in the role of whip. Rather than Gove who would rather be leading them.  As long as they support equal rights for women, as David Cameron and all the others do, there's no problem if they are 100% male, 100% female, or 100% black and gay. Off topic from this thread, but why does the Jordan Cameron, Duane Allen, Julius Thomas thread link to Julio Jones and AJ Green? Can somebody fix that? Because that link is messed up in the other older threads as well So would that put us at 78.9 and #2  between the Eagles and Cowboys if Mack was in instead?

Also, that Eagles o-line is untouchable. Not even fair. Even with Cameron Erving it is going to be hard to match. Hopefully dude can play right tackle. So Cameron winning was really that bad?

Have you tried applying to Cambridge? Obama w/ Cena vs Putin w/ Rusev vs Bush w/ Swagger vs Cameron w/ BNB
Kinda like the WM2000 main event... Terminator 6 - Where Skynet sends a Terminator back in time to kill and replace James Cameron with the intention of creating the movie "The Terminator". Cameron

Hunter

Brock

Brody # [Removed from /r/ukpolitics](http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/35drml/cameron_slashes_manchesters_spending_power_by_28m/) [Article from last year. Removed.]

 They underestimated the level which Cameron's campaign would sink to. i want to get off mr camerons wild ride &gt;Just listen to what Cameron [..] spout about Polish immigrants.

Okay, I'm all ears..

&gt;I wonder if Cameron will seek a final solution...

You're being ridiculous.  Cameron Diaz for me. I only liked her in being John Malkovich and it's the only thing she has impressed me in I don't know maybe they are just naive about what is like to be poor. 

I doubt Cameron has ever wondered when his next meal would be or whether he has enough money left on the gas meter to put the heating on.

 [Take that, Kirk Cameron!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z-OLG0KyR4) Was Eddie Murphy in that? The cast was Mike Meyers as Shrek, Cameron Diaz as Fiona, John Lithgow as Lord Farquad, and Donkey as Donkey.  fuck no, but I also don't riot





http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-10/riots-erupt-in-london-against-re-election-of-david-cameron/6458098 Ugh Cameron Diaz.  More like Anti- Cameron Protests! 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4FuEHg8RBv8&amp;feature=youtu.be  He's popular enough that Cameron is worried. I think that may be what the 'I'm only serving one more term" is about. "Court-ordered media blackout," they say, linking to media coverage of anti-Government/anti-Cameron protests allegedly covered by a 'court ordered blackout.' ಠ_ಠ Please remember that Cameron, UKIP and the rest of the English anti-EU train would be positively delighted to hear pro-EU people are leaving. It isn't easy, but if I were you I'd at least attempt to stay and 'reverse course.' I hit WM today, my Freebie was Cameron, managed to get the worst diva, but still an upgrad from Pro Leg Fusion Brie Totally worth seeing. Written by James Cameron too. If we take this debate to its roots, Cameron said:

"The United Kingdom stood alone against Hitler. That’s what **these people** did." My guess is they have some epic dirt on Cameron, like he sucked off a horse or something.  Yeah James Cameron went to the bottom of the Mariana Trench back in 2012. I am pretty sure most people said that last time, but here we are with prime minister David "iggle piggle" Cameron. Can we not just call upon Anonymous to destroy NewsCorp? I feel sick every time I see david camerons neck, and it's Murdochs fault. Jeremy Cameron Oh yeah. I forgot about camerons bitch boy.

Well. I am know beyond convinced that we are well and truly fucked beyond compare. Cameron Frye

Hunter S. Thompson

Brock from Pokemon

Adam Brody Cameron Diaz. [Because James Cameron is... James Cameron](https://youtu.be/Q4VA1ORhkgQ?t=11) Cameron by a mile This beast actually played the iceberg in James Cameron's *Titanic*.  hmm good question. Keep me updated on your life, Cameron, and the time to know will occur in time. I still think the Academy did that as a fuck you to James Cameron, plenty of people have never even seen the damn movie. Cameron Diaz' hands. Gonna need James Cameron to find that one. Ernest Miller, God, Brodus Clay, Naomi, Cameron, Xavier Woods...

I really hope that the funk keeps rollin' on to new wrestlers indefinitely. Just because it'd be hilarious if they reused the song a billion times. Kudos to you for your honesty.

But a question for you: do you not have any friends who benefit from any of the welfare programmes that Cameron has pledged to cut £12bn from? Got a HHH SV with under an hour left! With him I now have 6 SV's (Rock, Andre, Nikki, Emma and Cameron) as well as another Legendary Pro and I'm now at Survivor Plus. Got what I needed to accomplished at least. James Cameron would like to speak with you. Salmond is really one of the cleverest politicians out there. He never seems to act rashly. Cameron seems similarly clever, if evil. Yes, this is David Cameron's account Cameron, Tippett, Betts, Pavlich, Thomas
 &gt;Where does your friend work? Is it a tattoo parlour?

Cameron at Exotic Body Piercing in Northbridge, you can supply one and he can install it, or he said he can order one in for you. Not really. Clegg championed tuition fees. It was a trade which made Cameron look great to the liberal base and Clegg look awful. Which was precisely what Cameron wanted and which wiped out the LDs this time.

Played for and got. Good game. not from the UK, but my understanding is that "Tories" is another name for the Conservative party, which David Cameron is currently the leader of. &gt;  against a fresh Tory leader

I'm still expecting Cameron to pull a Frank Underwood and run again. Sneaky Dave always monologuing to the camera  They won't. Unlike certain Western leaders like Obama, Cameron, Hollande etc., Putin is not a weak-willed effeminate caricature. This is a real east-west issue, and the dying western nations have staked their claim to the silly side of that issue. Maybe Cameron just knows Gove is hated, so he's giving the job of implementing all of the hated policies to deflect criticism of him  Except they pushed through the bill. Not your Tonyship or Brown, David Cameron.  I keep imaging it being like the dry hump scene in bad teacher with Cameron Diaz and Justin timberlake where he hashis jeans on Yeah I really doubt their backbenchers would be that spiteful to oust their own party from government.

I do expect Cameron and co to have a hell of a fun time getting through alot of legislation however. &gt; Jean Claude Juncker, the president of the European Commission, also said he looked forward to discussing changes with Mr Cameron.

I bet he does. Can we petition MI5 to release the tape of that conversation? Cameron's reelection almost ensures the UK won't leave the EU. The tories will be campaigning for a stay vote. &gt;Cameron's honeymoon over...

A three day honeymoon after winning a shock victory? That must be some sort of record for backbencher mean-spiritedness... What criteria do you think Cameron would use to judge the success or failure of an Equality Minister? I don't see how the name I was given over 20 years ago has anything to do with David Cameron but you know..

Hang on, did I say he can't trade? Thanks man! I only took up golf a few months ago, but I've dedicated myself to working out what it takes to be a pro. Now I have my Stevey Cameron putter and camelback irons, I'm sure to win it!!! &gt; He's popular enough that Cameron is worried. I think that may be what the 'I'm only serving one more term" is about.

That's internal popularity though - externally I think whilst not many hate Boris, not enough would want him as PM &gt; Five More Years of Cameron

Yeah, your right - it is terrifying. How about Alex Salmond going on telly to boast that the SNP would be pulling the strings in the next parliament?

David Cameron must have been delighted.  But we're going to need a leader of the opposition soon. Cameron is not going to wait to push through any challenging legislation as he has momentum now. Don't tell David Cameron! The political ones on the sub now like the NHS/Cameron ones are staying pretty light. Maybe you're wrong. David Cameron promised that he'll make encryption services on the internet in the UK illegal if he gets re-elected... so that's something to look forward to in the coming year or so. Sequels being pushed out really quickly is a newish trend. Cameron is an 80s director, where Sequels came out 7 years apart all the time.  It shows how much Juncker is listening to the UK. Cameron's trying to negotiate lowering immigration levels, and Juncker's proposing we increase them. Madness. Or a James Cameron kiss. When David Cameron was her age now he was smashing up Restaurants.  I think Matt Cameron said this is his favourite song that Eddie wrote Cameron's said he's going to have a third of his cabinet be female.

He can't really renege that... "We're not the nasty party", they said. 

"David Cameron isn't a [replicant](http://www.mythologica.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/Blade-Runner.jpg)", they said, "and his cabinet isn't staffed with lizard people".

They're living in denial. Dudes definitely underrated,  even throughout juniors with Cameron King always being preferred.  I can invert my eyelids. Also, I can do that weird sound Cameron does on *Ferris Bueller's Day Off* when he flicks his cheek. I'd like to see David Cameron die after a week on minimum wage and being homeless.  Does anyone else think Cameron McIness looks like if you got Sowwies face and used a rolling pin on it This is how you do it in the Cameron Highlands: http://imgur.com/6RvHLKU

Tong Nam Thean Tong doesn't care if you break the law as long as you don't do it in his car park: http://imgur.com/MrdFh44

 if you like nature, try to fit Kota Kinabalu into your Malaysian leg, you can trim Cameron Highlands, Langkawi and Kuala Lumpur for it. On your last point, they cut tax avoidance more in one parliament than labour did in three, and while Cameron was PM, the bank levy was increased 8 times. 

This notion that they've done nothing about tax avoidance or the banks is nonsense.  Yes! Values and the ethics of the cuts barely entered discussion during the campaigns. One guy asked Cameron about national happiness or something on one of the debates and he basically just said "But you could get richer instead!". son paises totalmente diferentes. la derecha britanica tampoco tiene que ver con la nuestra que esta totalmente podrida,,..a parte cameron gano electorado con la promesa del referendum, algo que no va a hacer el pp Blair in 2003 had 413 seats out of 659, he didn't have to give a fuck about anything. 

Cameron has 331 out of 650; 10 MPs rebelling or a few by election losses/defections and he no longer has carte blanche. If i was to bet on this, i'd go with Shane Cameron and Maz Quinn to win it - athletes have done well historically on this show  Wasn't Camerons 2010 slogan "Borrow and spend, we'll win in the end"? What happened to that?  To be expected really. Boris is top of the list of people to succeed David Cameron and surely will be seen as an asset to the Conservative party. &gt;That person may know what they're talking about though, and thus be unsuitable for taking commands that might not be in the best interests of either women or equality.

Surely you can't think that Cameron is interested in the best interests of women? Don't be so sure. We thought we were rid of David Cameron. I don't think so. After all, FIFA likes to appear somewhat democratic. Can Cameron or Merkel overrule the decisions of their national parliaments? I agree with the rest, though. [Your on Reddit, I'm afraid your too far in stupid now to back out.](http://giphy.com/gifs/stupid-cameron-diaz-movie-ktLz0aKXeV9DO) Do you accept that all David's are equal to only other Davids,  and superior to non Davids in the court of King David of the Republic of David,  excluding the vile traitor and Chad supporter, David Cameron?  Ok,  that was not the title from the article.

Real title: Mainstream Media Stay Silent As Riots Erupt in London Over Re-Election of David Cameron

No mention of "corrupt Tory government" David Cameron and Martin Luther King  And there will be a referendum on EU membership.  Where labour will stand with Cameron and the SNP to say yes.  And the people will say yes (just).  And UKIP will pick up the pieces.
 maybe thats why they didnt give it to england because they knew david cameron would revoke the human rights act Jolly good. I see what you meant now.

I thought you were trying to argue that taking command from cameron *was* in the best interest of equality.

Clearly that wasn't the case, and I agree with you fully. I think we can all hear the sigh of relief from Downing Street. I can't see anyone else causing a problem for David Cameron in the next five years. The EU don't have to listen to them though, and neither does Cameron.  This is enshrined in European Convention on Human Rights. In other words, Hungary would have to exit EU and Council of Europe as membership in EU cannot be without membership in CoE.

Than again, at least Cameron would not be alone in this. &gt; Cameron is the kind of people who would have LOVED to have a thought police at his service

With how many intrusive thoughts I get and how my mind wanders off on tangents.

I'm not sure the idea of thought police has been thought through properly. &gt; I thought you were trying to argue that taking command from cameron was in the best interest of equality.

I haven't went completely mad, yet. You should email that pic to Kirk Cameron FTW. They can be as spiteful as they want, all that matters is that they back the government in a no confidence vote. If they're obstructive enough they might get Cameron ousted though - replacing the PM does not require a new general election. But even then, they wouldn't vote for a no confidence vote against the government - they would just vote to replace Cameron internally.  My guess is that Cameron will take the result of the EU referendum which ever way it goes as the time to hand over to Boris.

Really can't see another general happening until 2020 unless something major goes down. Vince Vaughn

Adam Sandler

Ed Helms

Shia LaBeouf

Colin Ferrell

Cameron Diaz

Owen Wilson

 You do realise that Cameron actually wants to stay in the EU? 

 Though it confirms Cameron as being a shitlad and terrible at banter.  With Boris a candidate for Cameron's replacement it will be interesting to see if this idea gets implemented. If you want to understand why many people outside England think the way they do. Just check out how much of the national medias in the EU country portray Britain. I swear Farage and UKIP have had almost more media coverage than Cameron. Signed, probably won't make a difference, no changing the Tories minds though.

This is going to be a long five years, knowing Cameron, he'd probably ban gaming outright before he's done. David Cameron's 'think of the children policy'. 
All broadband providers have a porn blocker on as default, you have to contact your ISP to turn it off :-( Because David Cameron. Wow, that's terrible. That Cameron guy must have done some A grade fear mongering to accomplish this. Cameron Diaz Oh sure, [when Cameron Diaz fucks a car, it's all sexy and erotic](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5WGljAa8MA). But when I do it, it's "not the onion." Cameron Diaz. Too bad she dropped all that weight and is now atrocious. Sounds like when Cameron talks about investing in the NHS. Oh we've been facing cuts over the past five years under Cameron and his lackeys. We just have another five years of that to look forward to. :C * That word "sleaze" again.
* "Crackdown"
* Circle Health
* Cameron saying "It must be right..." 782 times.
* In 2020: "We've halved the deficit _again_. Now let us finish the job."
 &gt; so Equius has been mentioned to look like nick cage

In the comic? I don't remember that. (But now that I think about it, his shirt and hairstyle do make him look kind of like Cameron Poe.) Yeah we should beat protesters to a pulp that'll teach 'em to stand up to something they don't believe in. Long live David Cameron. Cant believe that wanker David Cameron got through again. Hitting Upvote is, after all, the most potent of political messages. Everyone knows that Cameron has a direct feed to the upboat timeline. Jeremy Hunt still health sec. God damn it. You'd think Cameron would put someone else in there purely because of how vilified Hunt is. Although, I'm sure he's just happy to have a yes man in there. David Cameron got into power by a considerable margin versus the  only realistic alternative which was a Labour coalition.  Around Cameron Village or Glenwood South.  I'm starting to wonder if the CIA is why David Cameron got "elected" again... Jesus fuck There was also 'The Counselor' where Cameron Diaz literally has sex with the windshield of a car in front of Javier Bardem, it was a weird film and that scene was more creepy than sexual, which was intended, I think... I'm in need of some clarification here... If Cameron comes away with no new deal does that mean he will will campaign FOR continued membership of campaign to leave? Kirk Cameron is finally doubting his god.  Maybe he's referring to Cameron's request for UKIP voters to 'come home' to the Tories. No way Cameron is going to let his party vote for it, three line whip or no. It's a toxic policy and it's anathema  to his brand. Cameron? Thinking of children? He left his at the pub. If they get rid of 6Music I will personally walk to Downing Street and kick Cameron in the nuts for getting rid of literally the only decent station for new music. Either a newborn baby or David Cameron? Who would you vote for? Cameron healthy and offensive line healthy = better.

Either of those not, then = same or worse. Fair enough, of course he and UKIP supporters would be just as understanding if someone like Clegg, Miliband, Cameron or Juncker had their resignation refused.  A first clearly isnt enough,you dont trade away a franchise QB for a pick with which you will end up with I dont know someone like Cameron Irving.

I would say at least two first rounders,one second round pick. Cameron Canada. If the good people of Dumfriesshire hadn't elected Mundell, who would be the secretary of state? Would Cameron pick someone out of the Scottish parliament or House of Lords? A test fo Cameron. And we will see he is spineless.
 Oh heh Cameron I've been looking for you. Let's go pick up Sloan.  Like I said, I don't think it will come to that. I think Cameron will recognise the folly in trying to stop an election. I haven't swung a new putter in about a decade, until about a week ago, when I went to GolfSmith and swing them all. ALL I say!

I thought some of the pings and scotty camerons were very soft off the face. Maybe go give them a try? Kristen Cameron My office is in the Cameron/290 area and the power went out around 10:00 am. They let us go home, so this turned out to be a pretty good Monday for me.  Yeah I don't even know what it means.

**[edit]** They want Nick Clegg's office that's bad-ass. I can imagine Alex Salmond making demands at David Cameron.  As a Browns fan, what's your consensus on Cameron? Think he can stay healthy if we don't have to force the ball to him or is he just a concussion waiting to happen? I never watched much of him and only have some highlights and stats to go off of.  He needs to fight for a better electoral system. Not to mention that the lib dem scapegoats are gone from Cameron's party, I hope people will finally see how incompetent and useless the conservatives are.  Do you have a source on Cameron Diaz? For science, of courses [london protests](http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-10/riots-erupt-in-london-against-re-election-of-david-cameron/6458098) I don't, unfortunately. I remember seeing something about it several years ago, but it seems conveniently omitted from her wiki. I'm at work, so I probably shouldn't google *cameron diaz soft core porn* Yeah... David Cameron passed a law without a vote that means ISPs now have to put protecting on by default  You are correct, most plots are still in private ownership. See http://www.cameroncad.org/cadclientdb/propertymap.aspx Yes, because David Cameron personally is in charge of PR. You Brits don't like that Cameron cuts too much? Can we have him instead? We have a president who spends too much. We can trade if you want. I agree, I don't understand why he said the Tories want to leave the EU - Cameron wants to renegotiate a better deal - why bother if he really wants to just leave? The Conservative stance on the EU is to stay in I voted against austerity in the election , david cameron isnt gona do shit to this country or /r/dota2 that's harsh, Joffrey was coddled by his mother and was mentally unstable because of the whole incest thing, David Cameron is just a cunt She hasn't come out with it, it was Camerons words. I'm pretty sure THIS song was written about David Cameron and the Tory government, but I get your meaning. :-p /u/blueteamcameron  
/u/edgeheadedguy Didn't you hear on the news? As a post election present to himself, David Cameron put a new rockery in the gardens of number 10. I'm so disappointed in you all! I've just looked through all the comments and found no mention of David Cameron or George Osbourne. And not even a hint of Michael Gove! True visionaries of our generation.

/S Hey Cameron, the Jerk Store called... Won't be good enough proof until Cameron's mouthpieces like The Times and Telegraph report it as fact. Don't hold your breath. Political necessity, indeed. He had a Scottish Secretary position to fill and precisely one Scottish MP. Although I'd have loved to have seen the reaction if Mundell had lost on Thursday. Would Cameron have picked a Scottish Lord or an English MP? Who mentioned David Cameron? I know the feeling. I was stuck with Cameron both in Legendary and Survivor for a good while until I got AJ and Brie respectively.  But complained about Cameron ruling it out because many of the new SNP supporters are hell bent on a UDI and she wants to tease them that it's still on the cards. Stevey Cameron...you a fool for that hahaha.  I also work in the Cameron/290 area and we had none of this. I demand shittier backup power! I'd rather have seen a PM Farage, but Cameron will have to do.

(from an American) That bar is on the ground, man. Actually below it. We may need to call James Cameron to find it. Ed is not the cunt.  It's David Cameron who is. Cameron Diaz has met her match... Looks like picture 4 is Cameron Botticelli, 6 is Demetrius Wilson, 12 is Brian Parker, 9 &amp; 10 are Josh Lambo, I'm not sure about the rest Was that genuine. It looks like a parody video or something.

What I love most about all the AV bashing the Tories did before the referendum is that Cameron was only the leader of the Conservatives because of an AV style vote! 
 I'd bet he was fishing for a definitive answer between the two so he can make another article. "Does Pro-Bowler Cameron Wake want to put Bill Belichek in a coma?! His answer may shock you..." &gt; I'd have loved to have seen the reaction if Mundell had lost on Thursday. Would Cameron have picked a Scottish Lord or an English MP?

Baroness Goldie for Secretary of State of Scotland! I can imagine Grant Shapps isn't feeling particularly warmly towards Mr Cameron right now having been demoted from Party Chairman. 'You're literally a David Cameron' &gt;Bulbous, veiny, a reddish purple and about to erupt, David Cameron's face showed all the signs of being asked a difficult question.

kek [Hola Cameron Diaz](https://vine.co/v/eZPPLKeiA3U) I would expand with the example of Italian: Machiavelli's Prince and Boccaccio's Decameron written some 700 years ago are perfectly understandable to a modern Italian speaker, same it's true for other books from the same age, written in Tuscany. Cameron and Osborne, I believe in 2012, but I could be wrong there, cancelled my of the most serious austerity programmes, when they saw that austerity was pushing us back into recession. Yeah, I doubt Nicola wants one as YouGov polling (I KNOW) indicates with 53 in, 47 out.

*But* trying to talk to Cameron to Cameron and poking at the Backbenchers... http://absolutepanthers.blogspot.com/2015/02/around-draft-cameron-artis-payne.html

here's the one specific to CAP, from 2/25.   I did roughly 100 prospects and how they fit into our systems.  They are great.  I thought the one with Cameron Diaz was funnier than the most recent one but I'm a fan of those sketches.  I would say that's considered a risk by the studios.  They didn't believe he could do it, or they would have given him the money, studios have done with Peter Jackson, James Cameron, and other directors that demand creative control.   Why give him this slime ball a job at all? Does he know something about Cameron we don't? Well, then how the bloody hell is Cameron going to hold his little referendum? I hate to admit this, but it's not their core vote that they need to win, it's the middle England types that Blair won over, who all flocked to Cameron this time. It's every bloody year.

Cameron wants to remain in the EU. It'd be wise to get this referendum won, that'll placate his semi UKIP backbenchers.

The time is right to win it. Are you David Cameron in disguise? I wonder if it's deliberate. Maybe Cameron hopes innate euroscepticism in Scots will dampen SNP majority at Holyrood by having EU as a major question in the Holyrood elections.  An actual Halo film, that actually follows the plot of the original Halo, directed by James Cameron #CameronsBritain and the media report scuffles or attacks and articles like this are printed

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3074951/Socialist-siege-Downing-Street-Hard-left-activists-clash-police-following-David-Cameron-s-triumphant-return-Number-10.html

 That's awesome, I could totally see Nigel giving Cameron a Stunner and the spitting beer everywhere.  Cameron with Miliband's face is creeping me out. Right, but it gave me a short video of Cameron Diaz having sex with a car that I could use for a Reddit post.

So it's not *all* checks in the "con" column. Or, to phrase it more fairly: Cameron pledges to cut taxes. He introduces the bill, makes it a 3 line whip, 30 tories rebel and the bill fails.  Please direct me to this 'evidence'? 

Yeah, I bet Dave Cameron just phones and emails the queen talking about how they rigged the referendum.  "LOL *WOMEN!?!* I identify as otherkin where's my game lololololol..."

Every damn thread. Like it's some slippery slope the moment your game's protagonist doesn't look like the main guy from James Cameron's *Avatar*. David Cameron's pretty popular with the Conservative party, and Sturgeon is practically a demi-God within the SNP. The problem with conservative membership is that you are just given a newsletter. A lot of MPs are from a list in Cameron's Notting Hill kitchen.  Fuck Swansea. Watch Raw. I'm in the mood for some 6-man tag team main events. Or an el torito vs Cameron strap match. There never is. Some of these aren't bad, though. Shane Cameron was that guy who lost to David Tua, right? pic 1=denzel
pic 2=titus davis, dreamius smith
pic3=titus davis
pic 4=Cameron Botticelli
5=dreamius
6=Demetrious Wilson
7=foot
8=dreamius
9,10=?
11=Demetrious Wilson
12=?

 Cameron has also stated that he will campaign to remain in the EU. Looks more like Cameron Giles to me.   Not to mention the very movie it was based off of was cult hit as well.  Aliens was what really commercialized it after James Cameron made it a blockbuster.   I don't get your title. Is the Wiz Khalifa part the cringe? Would you rather them put Cameron Jibril Thomaz? I'd love to get a top WM diva. To put in perspective, my strongest diva is a PPSV Cameron. Hopefully my diva luck changes with this tier. You've just illustrated exactly the point of the article.

Sturgeon isn't annoyed that she's being refused another referendum, she's annoyed that David Cameron thinks it's acceptable to deny the democratic potential will of the Scottish people. &gt; That's riding on David Cameron's word

It's also riding on a democratic referendum, which thankfully shows clear signs of us remaining in the union. This continual disrespect of Cameron Bairstow just baffles me. Yo, if your name is Cameron C., you might want to be a little more careful with your online presence man. I just noticed looking through the comments and saw the two were connected. Popular does not equal good.  See: Transformers, James Cameron's Avatar, and Assassin's Creed. **Kirk Cameron:** the greatest ~~Christian film maker~~ prophet of all time. 

FTFY Hi there, I'm Sheng from www.HearthstoneCoaching.com, if you're interested I can help you schedule some time to work on your Grim Patron and Paladin decks with Coach Cameron this week.

Let me know! --Sheng Who has the better theme? Naomi or Cameron? My exhibition deck consists of: 

Legendary PP Rey Mysterio

Survivor Kane

Survivor Jimmy(or Jey) Uso

Survivor Damien Mizdow

Epic PP Cameron


Does that sound unbalanced for an exhibition deck? Chris Jerichos hair looks more and more like Cameron Diaz in There's Something About Mary every time I see him.  I was actually thinking as Joe being the entrepreneur, and Gordon has the manager. Joe is always pushing Gordon for improvements that only his imagination seems to think of. Cameron fits the technician role nicely as well. Don't worry guy,I do too. At least we don't have those terrible excuse for matches losing to Cameron on SmackDown anymore One show is kicking ass the other show is Kirk Cameron's Bible Hour Here: http://www.thefrisky.com/2011-11-18/cameron-diaz-has-a-secret-soft-core-porn-past/ I hope his brother ends up just as good, Imagine the 2020 grand final, Melbourne v GWS the McDonald brothers have held Cameron and Patton goalless and are proudly holding up the cup! I'm surprised that nobody has mentioned the leaders debates and Sue Inglish trying to force Cameron into a debate he didn't want. I see Cameron Diaz.  Exactly. Look at the poison thrown at Cameron in relation to his son who died. But it's a fair point, no insulting of David Cameron has gone as far as attacking a deceased relative's legacy. About the same as Lord Palmerstone's would make of David Cameron. 

Every party has moved left because society has moved left since the Victorian era. Also tagging others who have vested interests in the conflict.  Posts about the aftermath, diplomacy, etc. will follow.  

/u/edgeheadedguy  
/u/blueteamcameron But Cameron doesn't describe his as the 'party of Pitt &amp; Palmerston' though does he? Which is before the UK takes over presidency of the council, so unless another country puts up treaty change Cameron has already given up on major reform it seems.

All good from my p.o.v. but cue a rabble of backbenchers. Got a source? As Cameronjpr (and wiki) says it was developed in UK by Dr. Hawkins for cricket. If Škrtel is vice captain in the wake of Stevie (and even if he isn't) then I'm sure he'll look after him while he does his early 20's development (assuming that Martin's going to retire here and then adopt Jordan Rossiter and Cameron Brannagan). Politicians are not your friends and certainly shouldn't be treated as such.

If David Cameron had gave him the position, because they were "friends", you could be complaining about the small political class helping out their friends, like a game. 

 &lt;insert gif of Danny Wicks riding Cameron Smith&gt;  Well, I would not like working for them. This kind of confirms my view that Cameron is a bratty middle manager. Please yes!

Writing to Black today. Encryption is either secure or it isn't. Cameron and his scummy little Stasi-styled autocrats are taking advantage of issues most people don't really understand and exploiting their fears.

Just like with the economy. As if there was any question!

Cameron Wake (DE), Olivier Vernon (DE), Ndamukong Suh (DT), Jordan Phillips (DT) Sadly, if Cameron gives them autonomy in exchange for EVEL, they can't save us from the abolition of the Human Rights Act (the devolved governments are exempt).

 &gt; Cameron has a bit of back bone and campaigns to leave

Cameron (and every party apart from UKIP) is very pro-EU. So you are assuming Cameron will deliver a referendum and the public will vote to leave the EU which William Hill have as 6/4, opposed to 1/2 (favorite) to stay in. Big assumption there!  Oh yeah and lets not forget Landry became a dream weapon.  Haven't seen a receiver play like that for the dolphins in years.  Will be interesting to see how Parker and Cameron mix it up, though it's a shame we had to lose Clay. Also I counted a fuck ton of by-elections in the 2010-2015 parliament - Cameron's position can be overturned. Every time I get perturbed by the prospect of Cameron attempting to rig the referendum, happily I remember that the backbenchers won't let it pass unless they're reasonably happy with it.  Cameron isn't *very* pro-EU.  He's softly pro-EU. That's not true at all. Cameron was historically quite the Eurosceptic reformist, as are many of his MPs (to varying degrees), as are a small number of Labour MPs. 

UKIP does not have a monopoly on Euroscepticism. It's happened because UKIP wouldn't drop the subject, bringing it to more and more people and ultimately forcing Cameron's hand. Plus he's still pissed of with Cameron for beating him in the 2005 leadership election, so he doesn't really need much of an excuse to rebel. Why would voting in piss of the Tories when David Cameron will be campaigning to stay in? Couldn't sleep, so I went and claimed my rewards. WM Mark Henry is a new single while I can pro SV Nikki Bella and bump PP SV Cameron out of my RtG deck. Well, Cameron seems to want that. You wont throw anything but the news will look like this.

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3074951/Socialist-siege-Downing-Street-Hard-left-activists-clash-police-following-David-Cameron-s-triumphant-return-Number-10.html

 With the slim majority Cameron will be commanding he'll need to pay a lot of attention to his back benchers.  &gt; David Cameron says the idea of prisoners voting makes him feel physically sick.

Reading that sentence made me feel physically sick. Recently saw a similar thing on Facebook, but about David Cameron.  If you're against the Snoopers' Charter, join us at /r/opposecdb and [sign the petition](https://www.change.org/p/members-of-parliament-david-cameron-mp-theresa-may-mp-do-not-enact-the-snoopers-charter).  Why would Cameron step down? And Cameron really needs to keep his backbenchers happy, if a dozen of them rebel the government will be defeated. Things are going to get interesting. Cameron won't campaign to leave, he's a pro-European and will spin whatever small concessions he gets as a reason for staying. His argument that he might campaign to leave if he doesn't get what he wants is bluster. I just don't think he can win an election - certainly not against Boris who looks like he's being set up as a likely leader post-Cameron. I don't think there will be any Con to Ukip defections, now that there's a majority and a referendum is guaranteed. Eurosceptic Tories will be best served by sitting back and watching Cameron's attempts at renegotiation flounder.  David Cameron wants the UK to remain in the EU. If he is moving the referendum forward, then I would wager that it is a calculated move to improve his chances of "winning" the referendum.  now wondering if Queen Elizabeth II called the Right Honourable David Cameron a 'fuckboi' during his swearing in. Cameron Diaz.  My Local MP is already warning about back bench [he is part of it] going after Cameron if he fails to do a referendum.  I hope Cameron can get his renegotiation demands, otherwise the referendum will be a lot closer. Pokemon Omega Ruby, Pokemon Shuffle and Pokemon Rumble World. Friend Code: 1607-4567-2988 (Cameron). I will add everyone here if that's alright. :) While that is true, I suspect that a weak leader like Cameron will win the votes of his lunatic back benchers by giving them what they want. Well yeah, I understand that, and agree. I just think its funny that /u/Solidus27 criticised Chuka for being a cold, aloof blairite, when thats pretty much what Cameron is.  &gt; And yet here we are with David Cameron for another 5 years. The charismatic, passionate, man of the people. Warm and personable.

Compared to Miliband he is all of those things. Besides it's probably only another 2 or 3 years. Then it's BoJo time! Has Cameron actually said what he wants reformed about the EU? &gt; The new Justice Secretary, Michael Gove, is probably the cleverest man in David Cameron's new Cabinet.

What? It's that bad? British Influence is a pro-Europe pressure group and it's pretty roundly acknowledged that Cameron is pro-EU as Tory MPs go Sarkozy, Cameron, Bernard-Henri Levy, Thorning? I dont think so. &gt; He just seems very fake with little substance.

Just like David Cameron. Didn't Labour lose because Milliband was a dork not a slick man in a suit?  Very interested to see will Cameron try to get England to leave the EU in 2017, it'll no doubt have effects for us in Ireland if it does happen.  Cameron just got/gets accused of that because he's a Tory. Well if the way Cameron describes it is okay, then I'm 100% sure it's okay. I'm sure he covered all bases with his analysis and doesn't have any vested interests in it going either way. The only person that brought up Cameron's dead son was Cameron. Yes. I keep thinking Cameron will have a purple patch soon. He's a great forward, has a midfield that can deliver him he footy, just doesn't seem to put the points on the board. what do you think of the David Cameron Peadophile scandal? all made up?

http://whatsupic.com/special-world/democratic-process564346.html "We chose these policies not because they are easy, but because they are hard" - David Cameron because david cameron and tory party. David Cameron is by no means perfect, but he's better than his Labour opponent, who wanted to criminalize criticism of a religion that mandates the death penalty for being gay. Cameron Except the nation also lost its collective shit when Cameron went too far the other way and ate that hotdog with a fork and knife.  How I saw David Cameron's Election victory speech. 

This is political satire take it as you wish He did that before he went to LSU. I think itd be a great pickup. Cam Cameron did a great job with him at LSU. No it would not be funny, OP. What kind of sick, twisted game are you playing here.

Also I'd like Maryland to come to Cameron. Would be nuts. &gt; **Caroline Dinenage**, the MP for Gosport, was appointed by Prime Minister David Cameron today

&gt; **Mrs Morgan** has since become a supporter of LGBT rights I'm the same age as James Cameron's Aliens and Star Trek: The Voyage Home.  Ten years time, Major and Cameron drowning their sorrows and trying to top each others, "but my back-benchers were *real* bastards" stories. David and Samantha Cameron go to Ibiza more or less every year.  Cameron vs Eva Marie,
Morasca vs. Sharmell To be fair Cameron isn't the entirety of the Conservatives. Cameron may be pro-EU but the rest of the Tory backbenchers are not. Mmm Maryland played @ Cameron last. Fair is fair right? Bring it to College Park.  This article is interesting, but I think it misses Cameron's pro-Israel Conservative majority. I know England has had a flare-up of anti-semitism, but I think the jury is still out on which government will be the best ally. Cameron did say that he was going to rule the UK as "one nation". I should have realized that nation was England... Ideally Duke @ Maryland but that won't happen unfortunately. I dont think Maryland @ Duke will happen either as amazing as it would be to win at Cameron Indoor while having thousand of Duke fans chant 'not your rival' Maybe she'll learn something.

More to the point, Cameron has a slim majority and needs to keep his backbenchers in line. This is a gift to the Tory right to stop rebellions. &gt; Hitler 

The EHCR was created because of Hitler; before 1950 any basic rights were just implied. Besides, we're not leaving/abolishing human rights act, and David Cameron certainly isn't manipulative enough to be Hitler-esque.

Edit: no sense I think Cameron is going to tack right now he doesn't have to worry about the Lib Dems.  You could say the same thing about the telegraph and Cameron. Union members do have their own minds you know. Fox hunting is a difficult one for Cameron. I am personally not 100% against it  I WANT TO HIRE JAMES CAMERON TO MAKE A MOVIE ABOUT THIS OFF SEASON!!!!  He wouldn't, and there is a very high probability that Cameron is a paedophile as well Will it be Harman vs Cameron until the new leader is chosen? I can't believe the UK re-elected Cameron.  Does this mean he will always tow the party line and just vote as Cameron wants? Is he allowed to vote as whip? &gt; Cameron is a pro-EU

Cameron is pro-opinion polls. Yeah, he'll always tow Cameron's line, whatever happens. Yes he's allowed to vote. He is Cameron's bitch til the day he's fired, when he'll become angry and bitter and try to take him down. David Cameron following the repeal of the unpopular 'Poor People Hunting Ban' 

http://i.imgur.com/1xb8ylO.png I'd say that's a pretty good reason. If it's at Cameron though, wouldn't that eliminate that concern?  Looks more like Cameron trolling his anti-gay MPs. [David Cameron recreates the famous kickboxer dance...](https://instagram.com/p/2a142ptTMp/?taken-by=vidsysocial) &gt; extremely wealthy

I wouldn't say he is extremely wealthy. He comes from a middle class background and he was a city lawyer before going into politics so he was doing alright, but he is not in Cameron/Osborne territory.  So glad I blindly went for Jordan Cameron over Suds Not sure why you're down voted..we will lead the SEC in rushing again...if Cameron Artis-Payne could... David 'slayer' Cameron, he caused 3 party leaders to resign in the same day, although 1 later respawned. He also slayed Russell Brands political career. Respect has nothing to do with it. I'd hope the punishment would be the same if it were John Beck and Cam Cameron I disagree. However they spin it Cameron will take a very large share of the blame. His position as leader would be untenable.  Is the last panel David Cameron?


And if it is; isn't he a Villa- or West Ham-supporter? (He seems confused himself) Good lord, the French woman looks like a homeless David Cameron in drag. Wasn't it David Cameron who actually pushed Gay Marriage through?
 Remember Cameron did push through gay marriage, against the will of many of his MPs and voters. Interesting theory. I would have said Cameron is the Conservative answer to Blair though, but I agree wholeheartedly with your evaluation on leadership in Labour.  Gotta love Cameron "Get a fucking super trace" Mitchell https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odgTpx7aYgQ No that's Cameron Diaz. Jack fitted on the damn table! Damn you Cameron! By answering one question (EU membership) Cameron will re-open another (Scottish independence). Cameron wants to bring it forward to 2016.  He is a ripoff. Every youtuber other than /u/Latln , jarlsoda, /u/goldenbullet123 and Cameron 7276 start or are  involved in some kind of drama. These four imo are the best. Jack Monroe: "David Cameron 'uses stories about his dead son as misty-eyed rhetoric' to legitimise NHS privatisation" If we refer to Cameron as having slayed them, we can instead say Farage was resurrected by the UKIP NEC. It sounds far more exciting and favourable!

I'm still surprised I haven't seen a photoshop of this. The Red Knight books by Miles Cameron are pretty great. Kind of a cross between The Witcher and Game of Thrones. Again, I've only ever heard it from Cameron. 

The amount of vitriol directed at Cameron is minute compared to Miliband. Playing in Cameron is a privilege. Why give it to them? There are plenty of other teams out there.  Huh? It's been reported many times over the last few years that Obama phones Merkel before he contacts Cameron.  &gt;Playing in Cameron is a privilege.

Ah, so that's why you never play outside Cameron unless you're basically forced to.. Remember Cameron did push through gay marriage, against the will of many of his MPs and voters Smart money on Cameron Nowhere does that say that the UK must keep the ECHR permanently. It's a loophole, but Cameron might exploit it. I for one look forward to Cameron covertly arming groups dedicated to ending Caroline Lucas' tyrannical rule.  Latavius Murray in the 11th. Jordan Cameron in the 9th, Charles Sims in the 14th.
edit: pick up to 2 Hi Cameron!
what is your favourite chord? Not even pushing the big ring, I bet Cameron does. David Cameron's, where I'd write something like 'Great win for the boys today, so proud of the team I support!' then a picture of Burnley to accompany it. &gt;David Cameron says the idea of prisoners voting makes him feel physically sick.

:( * red is cameron brig
* black is caol ila
* green was glendullan/linkwood
* gold is clynelish
* blue is 25 y/o refill sherry lochnagar primarily

(worked at RL for two years) Yes, everyone in this city of 8 million people is wired together to think exactly the same way as everyone else. 

It's part of Cameron's new Neural Net for Capital Citizens initiative.  &gt; It may shock some of you but Cameron was the one who legalised gay marriage. 

It may shock you that over 50% of the Tories who voted on equal marriage voted against it. Yeah it's Cameron, but I don't think the joke is that he's a Chelsea fan, he's just drawing parallels between British politics and the PL I didn't come up with the title but Cameron does indeed want the UK to stay in the union  I might be crazy but I think the Dolphins are up there. Jarvis Landry, Greg Jennings, Kenny Stills, DeVante Parker, and Jordan Cameron??
I guess we will have to wait and see this year! fucking cameron It's not an anti-EU referendum, that would suggest a bias in leaving, the Conservative party spent the last 5 years avoiding giving us an EU referendum, Cameron doesn't want us to leave at all. Who are the great scholars? Ken Ham, Kirk Cameron and Ray Comfort?  I choose Cameron to go to the moon in this decade. Preferably on the biggest rocket we can swindle from the Russians. David Cameron gets assassinated by Scottish separatists.  In Scotland it's over who gets to mount David Cameron's severed head on their flagpole Lol oh dear this isn't going to be easy for Cameron is it. BBC NEWS: David Cameron, Shot - In critical condition. Steven Spielberg and Martin Scorsese

EDIT:

David Fincher and Ben Affleck

James Cameron and Stanley Kubrick

Quentin Tarantino and Matthew Vaughn 


 Cam Cameron was awful but he was there the first 5 years until he was fired mid year. Cameron Smith has to sell one of his 6 boats. Things have changed since the Thatcher years in Scotland, and with its relationship with Westminster. 

All that heavy handed imposition of authority is likely to get Cameron is the distinction of being the last UK Prime Minister ever Enough people to give them a majority of MPs, if it's good enough for Cameron it's even better for Sturgeon. They seemed to have forgotten to mention Cameron's run in when he was throwing money at waiters David Cameron's Twitter: "DEATH TO ALL DISABLED AND POOR. FIVE MORE YEARS, YOU SILLY FUCKERS."

*Edit* not a reflection of my political views. If you read the UK social meeds, you'll get why this would break the Internet. Wasn't there some MP that Cameron selected to tackle paedophiles online, who was then found to be a paedophile?  &gt; Flaccos had 6 OCs in 7 years or whatever the actual count is, idk.

It's not *that* bad. It was Cameron from 08-12, Caldwell for 12-13, Kubiak, now Trestman.  Kate Middleton: I was kindnapped, the kidnappers request Cameron to fuck a pig on live TV. Please help, Mr Prime Minister. Keep up those thoughts and you might just get a position as Mr. Cameron's adviser. In the UK, David Cameron didn't do the debates. Won by a landslide. David Cameron. 

If I could blow up parliament I would. Cameron has a fantastic track record with sequels, so I'm hoping he works his magic again.  [Joey, they've gotten bigger since you've been gone.  Be careful!](http://www.sbnation.com/lookit/2014/9/21/6809043/joey-porter-chest-bump-cameron-heyward-steelers) No need, Cameron excluded himself. ^^^heh Indeed! http://breakingdownthnews.blogspot.co.uk/2015/01/david-cameron-personally-implicated-in.html American here, so forgive my ignorance, but I thought that Cameron and the Tories were now pro marriage equality?  Why would he do this? Especially, if Cameron leaves (no idea how serious those rumors are, I might have just read it on reddit) a RB is critical. Its very interesting that. I honestly don't believe much can be done to combat it now, Cameron will be so harsh with the whip (hehe) no one will want to rebel  I think Cameron Crowe movies have been shit for the last 15 years after Almost Famous and need to be taken with a grain of salt.  The Scottish Conservative manifesto promised the Scottish Parliament the final say over areas of the HRA which pertain to devolved issues. 

Cameron won't be allowed to start breaking promises on the constitution and play silly buggers.  wearing colours is one thing, wearing colours with the crest of a different club on the badge is something entirely different. 

unless you're david cameron. Peter Jackson and James Cameron  I swear it's Cameron's dream to recreate Thatcher's era of politics. Is Cameron's statement dog-whistling for an anti-Islam law? This is in between David Cameron making all hospitals pay as you go, right?  I got a 90 Cameron Wake today which is the best I've ever gotten from a GC event.... Not amazing but still worth it Cameron has a fantastic track record

FTFY I feel like there was an entire House ~~episode~~ season dedicated to a similar scenario with Cameron... 
 Cameron is one of those wimpy little girl-boys y'all should've voted his arse out when you had the chance. Tch Tch.  Well I wouldn't trust him if it's [this Cameron Supreme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sw48bX2Warc&amp;t=6m37s)... But he didn't Tweet at her, even though he Tweeted a congrats to UK PM Cameron. #egregious Cameron still does the whole Big Chocolate thing? The first time I can remember being mesmerized by a woman was seeing Cameron Diaz in The Mask. I think that's when she looked her best, and I was a smitten little boy lol  ...Cameron? This sorta read like this:

David Cameron removes rights and puts in place law that removes rights. Because of this, people lose rights. David Cameron. y'all are mean i actually talked to cameron supreme and he is really nice but sadly he is 100% mallcore Poor Cameron :| Cameron Closet? I prefer the cupcakes at Sugarland in Cameron Village. Not too sweet, not too much icing. They are $3.50 I think. Too much for a cupcake really, but sometimes I just cave. I am Patient Zero.

I am voting Cameron.

Found on afternoon 6. I think Blair was credited with four (Kosovo, Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, and Iraq). Cameron can still draw level by the weekend. Don't give up, Dave! I'm a townie for like the millionth time

edit: cameron

edit: nvm, not doing part 3 Ray Mears, my mate Dave, and David Cameron PM( torture him) Lol that's rough. We had to deal with that from Cam Cameron a few years back I don't know if I could watch that again. Weren't there some locker room problems though with Brandon Marshall and others or was that just kind of blown up by the media? Not so good...though I do have one thing in common with Stiller: we've both kissed Cameron Diaz James Cameron would have sued.  ok so cameron is the werewolf cub and al is patient zero. Cameron himself definitely is, and much of his party is as well, but there are still several backbencher holdouts who are opposed. This appointment is trying to appease them. dude, Cameron was able to get Winslet titties into a PG-13 movie...and not just ANY PG-13 movie, the biggest ever at its time.

He's a miracle worker.

Yeah, but Aliens on the Titanic would have been dope. Isn't that what Cameron does but with a smaller % Its good to see a female appointed a major cabinet post.Mr cameron has done a good job dealing with Scottish secession  issues from the UK and with the recession    Over half the tory mps at the time voted against the motion. It only carried because the majority of labour and lib dem mps voted for it. 

http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2013/05/blow-cameron-128-tory-mps-vote-against-gay-marriage Just let [Cameron Esposito explain](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1irAxNOHxs) what it's like. Not sure what David Cameron has to do with this! I see Jordan Cameron is going to be a sleeper pick for me.. Is this supposed to be funny? No way is Cameron evil enough to hang out with that crowd. The man isn't even a member of Labour! Cameronm has a warm butt! Without Cameron responding civilly to this previously misinformed ancap, he would still be on the wrong track. The radical left has a really bad habit of alienating people. We should really stop doing that if it is at all our goal to educate the public. If I lived in the north of England I'd support this. The Scots are getting their shit together. Dumbass Brits voting for that asshole Cameron. Disturbing, to say the least. I don't like Teresa May or David Cameron.  When will they just admit defeat? Vim won *long* ago, as documented in [this game].

[this game]: http://smcameron.github.io/wordwarvi/ What the hell. She is not doing her job and basically ripping you off. I hope she at least looks like Cameron Diaz. &gt;The new Justice Secretary, Michael Gove, is probably the cleverest man in David Cameron's new Cabinet.

god help us all if that is true As someone who is on /r/newzealand because they are thinking of emigrating, half because of this gentleman's government I second this.

Needless Cameron is the worst type of Cameron  Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha you think the Devil can help you against David Cameron!! That's hilarious Yeah, but only a handful of comments on this particular article.

http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35rr13/david_cameron_to_set_out_new_antiextremism_law/ James Cameron and David Fincher  Cameron is the real terrorist here. He is the one spreading fear, inequality and lies.

We are more at risk from the misuse of government power than of terrorists. So Cameron actually convinced this guy?

I can't say I saw that coming. Damn, got beat in the semis of Legendary KOTR while at work. I'll get one L card at least.

Edit - Cameron. Well... Better than no diva, I guess. This bill does more than that, way too much. David Cameron is a prick.  They're referring to Cameron's plans to repeal the fox-hunting ban. &gt; chasing down people who don't pay for a TV license

Funny you should mention that. The Torys are suggesting literally the opposite.

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/bbc/11600972/David-Cameron-pledges-to-decriminalise-licence-fee.html

 Yeah and Cameron used to come round every Tuesday and rub broken glass into our eyes...Oh no it were that Osbourne bloke. Gosh, really? Well, I'm sure when someone explains that to Mr Cameron he'll agree that... Oh. So he knew already? Oh.

Unite have already changed their rules so that taking illegal action no longer breaks union policy. Shit's gonna get real. Fingers crossed Cameron does a Thatcher and withdraws all subsidies for outdated fossil fuels in preference to support for cleaner energy sources.

Be amusing to see the oil executives turn up for demonstrations in a fleet of high-end executive vehicles. The Mask is the only and last time Cameron Diaz was ever hot. &gt;This is a good thing.

David Cameron's Reddit account?

No. Free speech is a good thing and "hate speech" is literally feeling crimes.  Cameron?? We already have this topic. 

http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/35p1f9/david_cameron_appoints_antigay_marriage_mp_to_be/ Note to Cameron: You don't get points for women ministers if you keep appointing terrible choices. ffs whyyyyy &gt;Cameron is the real terrorist here. He is the one spreading fear, inequality and lies.

Holy shit...

Not like Reddit to overreact or anything I keep reading this, but I don't actually understand the point he (Cameron) is trying to make. Can someone explain it, please?  Anti-war protests don't help if the silent/(stupid) majority keeps voting for the same type of people. Cameron is just as hawkish as Blair was.

The last election was a real farce though, 36,8% is a "majority" for the Conservatives. You went for the distinction of Scots, and then criticised "Brits" in general for voting Cameron lol. Scots are Brits well surely not a principle of Cameron's "one nation tory-ism" though Well done Mr Cameron. This country has been far too soft for far too long on radicals in this country. Especially the 'homegrown' radicals going to Syria.  David cameron Everyone does it, a large part of Labour's campaign was basically just saying David Cameron will doom us all, it's still manipulation, just to people on the left instead of Cameron's audience of people to the right.  I thought Cameron said something 5/6 years ago where he was going to stop that... I may have hallucinated it. It's like Cameron wants to be UKIP Lite because of their popularity in the last election. Strength through unity, unity through faith.

There is no god but Cameron, and his disciples of the Tory party.

c'*Ameron* Would be a lot happier if it wa Ru instead of David Cameron Like Suicide mainly for Cameron's drums. What a song. Only really since David Cameron... yes, they got it up in Victoria. You are about to see the turning of the tide in the UK where david cameron actually said "Islamist" in terms of ideology to be opposed.

it's never too late to campaign to rid the statute books of bad laws ;) Nope. 

Cameron Unchained: Electric Boogaloo 

he's got a free reign until his back benchers get disillusioned and get over the fact they've got a majority. Which should take about 8 months..

i'm loving it. "I am an instinctive libertarian who abhors state prohibitions and tends to be sceptical of most government action." - David Cameron, 2002

What the fuck happened? Did Theresa May do something to his brain? "Next on Sky 1, David Cameron enters another dimension to do metaphysical battle with the concept of hate itself. " So david Cameron x 14 = Tony Abbot.  Fucking hell i feel sorry for you guys l.  Cameron scares the shit out of me. Civil rights and due process mean nothing. Am I being stupid?

Cameron is saying that that quote is bad, right? He's saying that that's an attitude we need to get rid of. Isn't he? He parades his dead son around as a shield while causing pain for other parents of disabled children. Vile, vile man.

http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/apr/21/disability-child-david-cameron-cuts-to-support

 Not really considering the UK Government's position is that they're entitled to abolish it UK-wide. Davidson's Tories are taking an opposing view to Cameron's by saying that it remains Holyrood's decision in the end, not Westminster's. Well PR doesn't really work for leader elections does it.

I'd like 43% of David Cameron and 57% of Boris Johnson please. Extremists like Cameron certainly could use some disrupting orders. I personally would recommend shooting him on sight. That's the only way to make sure. Aliens is my favorite Cameron film.  Titanic. All those period outfits and I hear James Cameron is the living embodiment of mellow-ness. /s Although Pearl Jam has had non-4/4 time signatures for awhile, their catchiest tunes since getting Matt Cameron have all been pretty dynamic. I wonder if there's some causality there, since I know he has done a lot of writing with both groups David Cameron and Nick Clegg Fight over number 10 Downing street Ahhhh isn't that sweet, it's like the little fascist that lives in the heart of many conservatives has tunneled its way out to the surface of Cameron's skin and is poking its head out of his chest.  Response here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/35sh9i/cameron_says_if_you_obey_the_law_we_will_leave/cr7nrns Of course not, Cameron's speech is definitely a reliable, my point is that as the BBC have taken the time and effort to interview May so they'll want to promote that more than the script Cameron has, which I'm guessing most papers also have.  Your attempts at wit are about on par with what I'd expect David Cameron to come out with when he tries to fit in. I'd already made it, I told you his reasons for it. You kicked up a fuss with "when have the ever not been able to deport people", I told you, then you fuss about that. I'm not David Cameron, you ask him to justify his actions. What were the issues that Cameron used to get re-elected? I'm pretty sure that surveillance and intolerance of minorities wouldn't have been good starters. Maybe he promised free pizza or a monthly dance party. Cameron Smith A queens speech hasn't even come out yet. Cameron has *only just* formed his new cabinet. 

These protests are a massive very public temper tantrum 

i respect the right to have them. But let's call a spade a spade. &gt; Britain is too “passively tolerant” and should not leave people to live their lives as they please as long as they obey the law, David Cameron has said.

This guy would fit right in with the British Empire. &gt; Britain is too “passively tolerant” and should not leave people to live their lives as they please as long as they obey the law, David Cameron has said.

 No doubt James Cameron is on his way already. If anything Cameron would be happy with that. He doesn't want to leave the EU, but some of his backbenchers do. Anything to make it harder would be welcomed. 3/4 just doesn't work here- think of FoBD as more "4 beats + 2 beats" per measure, and you'll feel the difference. The fact that Matt Cameron plays a back-beat on beats 2, 4, and 6 helps to solidify this.

Source: master's degree in music performance. *"Oh, you thought Cameron was more expendable than Paige?"* Well I live in Hong Kong so I think its considered commonwealth? Well either way I don't know much about the British government or David Cameron but I think the decision was pretty good. I'd get a good backup if you're targeting Cameron. He is a huge injury risk. Could an article have any less substance? I could probably trigger a probe in Cameron's seat by making a phone call. Is that a new Mariners single-season record?  
  
Edit: Jesus, does every post need a /s these days? Yes, I'm fully aware of Edgar, Griffey, A-Rod, Buhner, Boone, Cameron, etc. I was poking fun at Safeco. No. Cameron gave a speech in which he showed his support for gay marriage. Parties are controlled from the top and the top of the tories is pro-gay marriage. If the tories had wanted to stop it happening they would have.  I can't imagine an enemy named Cameron not being some ridiculously hard crazy shit Cameron has pleased his master. We're too tolerant of David Cameron and it's time someone killed these holier than thou politicians. Cameron When did Camerons lies end..im confused Someone want to remind David Cameron that 1984 was a warning, not a users manual? "What's chain wrestling doing in the Cameron vs Rosa match?" I don t know about that ,the tories seen how much support ukip were getting in the run up to the election even Cameron conceded that Ukip had some good points and if anybody is going do anything about terrorism and immigration its him. &gt; V For Vendetta

Which was a huge criticism against Thatcher. Guess who Cameron keeps a nude pin up of on his bedroom wall. Just because someone has a lot of influence, doesn't mean that are good or that we should like/respect them.

Look at David Cameron Matt Cameron is a beast of a drummer Good point, although Cameron was blonde in the later seasons of House, so maybe Zoey had brown hair when she was younger :P Called it

https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/35sh9i/cameron_says_if_you_obey_the_law_we_will_leave/cr7ljhy Hail ~~Hydra~~ Cameron. bloody Cameron's Britain  [Vote Cameron in the next election!] (http://www.bleedingcool.com/wp-content/uploads//2011/02/5044201563_e82767e741.jpg) When did Mr. Cameron become a fascist? Cameron need to root out all the peedos of the left. Even the most hardened labour supporter can agree that Blair was a wanker though. People support Cameron however.

Whataboutism helps no one. "For too long, we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens 'as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone. It's not enough for British subjects merely to obey the law" - British Prime Minister David Cameron (May 13, 2015)  David Cameron having a good old fashioned strangle wank to celebrate his election victory I was just amused that this could well have been an interview with Cameron or Miliband prior to the election, only replacing "National Front" with "UKIP" &gt; Who decides who or what's "extreme"?



Cameron of course. [He does whatever the fuck he wants. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9aBoZNI_tY ) Fuck the plebs Isn't this why Cameron is threatening to leave the EU though? To be able to prevent (Eastern) Europeans from coming in? I don't know if I hate Cameron more for pretending to be normal or Farage more for pretending to be normal. Probably Cameron because lots of people actually voted for him.  Then I hope you didn't vote Cameron!

...I'm not from the UK.  Is this topical?  I don't know. Cameron would start for any mid/bottom team in a top league, good defender Holy shit, this is actually scary. I always considered Cameron to be annoying and a total jackass, but this is legitimately creepy.  David Cameron described this as a passive view that needs to change. Cameron Porter? [We need James Cameron to raise the bar.](http://southpark.cc.com/clips/i6j49g/the-bar-has-been-raised) Because he didn't say that, it's a misleading quote within a quote, but hey, what's the truth matter? Not that I support Cameron, I just don't like straight up lies.. That's funny because Cameron and his party are the biggest threat to democracy  Before me time: Larry Csonka, Jerry Rice

Past: Jason Taylor, Brett Favre

Present: Give me some Cameron Wake, Jamaal Charlers "And last week I saw Cameron Diaz at Fred Segal, and I talked her out of buying this truly heinous angora sweater. Whoever said orange was the new pink was seriously disturbed." In what way is censorship a proper venue for combating extremism? Didn't England learn in the late 1700's that stricter control tends to breed more dissension? Way to not learn from history, Cameron. "We should interfere in people's lives, but not mine. My life should be private since I'm the leader." - David Cameron I wonder if Auburn will have a back to lead the league in rushing again. People slept on Tre Mason and Cameron Artis-Payne. Will it be Robinson, Thomas, or Barber? This project will surely invigorate trade and strengthen the ties between the UK and Ireland. How many years is this project predicted to take?


~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron This is pretty much what everyone was expecting, right?

Excited to see a good Indiana team come to Cameron, and MD @ UNC should be a great game as well. I'm actually hopeful for the ACC to win this year.  PM Cameron says go for a coalition with Australia first. &gt; There are Muslim street patrols in London attacking people drinking and homosexuals.

Those people are **breaking the law**.  Cameron was specifically referring to people who **do not** violate laws.  Fuck you, David Cameron. As fucked up as that was, it was still law. Mr Cameron is talking about regulations *outside the law* here. That's awful but this is way worse. He won it because of the system in place, same with David Cameron, interesting parrallel!

I mean, I think its a crap system but its still sadly how it works and therefor lawful! Egh would much rather beat Duke at Cameron. But it'll be a good game.  Too bad being a powerhouse in the early 2000's couldn't do that for Maryland. Anyway, it would have been amazing to beat Duke at Cameron. The UNC game should be more competitive though. It's like Cameron's building his cabinet specifically to fuck each area of life rigorously in the ass. No lube. Sorry about Cameron. It's now up to 10,000 new Lib Dem members since polling day. Cameron and Theresa May are doing a really fine job as our chief recruiting sergeants at the moment. "May the force be with you and you shall thrust deeper than David Cameron" Not sure. Let's ask David Cameron  Am I still not allowed to complain about this [utter wanker](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html), /u/allergictoapples? He's more convincing than Ed and more convincing than Cameron for me.  No Cameron, just no.  This won't help at all and you probably know it. Killing a single politician won't change the system and if anything, this will reinforce those who support stricter surveillance and would actually prove the statement Cameron made.

 I don't think I'm going to fall in love with the Tories any time soon  
But I'm finding new reasons to not hate Cameron (and his cronies) every day what the hell is going on in the UK? is cameron terminally ill and wants to absolve himself from his past sins or why does he suddenly seem to have gotten one or two good ideas AFTER the election? Rosa Mendes, Cameron, Pre-Kendrick Eva Marie Cameron Diaz was smmmmmoooookin in that movie.  Harper, Cameron, Abbott, and Key are all the same fucking piece of shit. David fucking Cameron and his big shiny head. I'm pretty sure that was actually David Cameron ;-) Cameron is a mass murdering psychopath - killing him would be an act in the defense of thousands of lives that this megalomaniac threatens. Cameron belongs in prison and on death row with all of his co-conspirator pedophile buddies.  Would you shoot David Cameron? In Cameron? Not so much. this might change. Cameron made a telling speech today.  Not saying you are, but a lot of people already seem to be counting IU out. Needless to say Duke will be favored at Cameron Indoor, but I think it will be a good game.  Shhhh, every idea must be new to /u/camerone89 or it isn't good! I got 34. I had to laugh when I typed in "John L Smith" and it worked... Missed: Ron Turner, Gary Darnell, Randy Walker, Cam Cameron, Bobby Williams, Dirk Koetter, Terry Hoeppner, Bill Cubit, Mike Stoops, Jeff Horton, Dan Enos, and Rod Carey. I think this is one of Cameron's Best, but man what a hellish experience it seemed to be getting it made. It looks like my [petition](https://www.change.org/p/members-of-parliament-david-cameron-mp-theresa-may-mp-do-not-enact-the-snoopers-charter). You can print it from Change.org.  If you want late round sleepers there's Jordan Cameron and Josh Hill. Jordan Cameron if he can stay healthy especially with Tanehill and Even if Josh Hill can't fill Graham's shoes he's the #1 TE with a good schedule and Bree's throwing to him  Ah Ok, yours is different then mine in that aspect. We can have anyone that is rookie eligible. Ive had Daz Cameron for 2 years now. Som det ser ut nu lär det ju snarare gå åt motsatt håll. Cameron har sagt att UK ska rösta om utträde ur EU senast 2017.. Då lär det bli betydligt mer stängt än det redan är! OP's giving Indiana a 0% chance to win which isn't true. Cameron doesn't equal an automatic win. Only positive thing about this election has been the inclusion of non-elite alumni into Cameron's govt. Here in the states, our federal govt. is constipated w/ ivy leagues, from the President to heads of departments.  yes

admittedly it assumes you understand cameron is on about islamism Daz Cameron might not be in the majors till 2020, some teams wont want to be that patient. So far no one has dipped into 2016. I would like to introduce you to Rosa Mendez and Cameron. &gt; if killing people made them martyrs then Cameron has already made hundreds if not thousands of martyrs already. 

Yes, and he has. The fact that you are so riled up about this is proof of that. You definitely do. And I'm really sorry ESPN let Bobby Knight go. Were he to call the game in Cameron, I would hope the Cameron crowd would serenade him (ahem--pre-game) with "Indiana, Our Indana". We owe him a LOT. They gave the Oscar to Hurt Locker to tick James Cameron's off. Oscars are mostly political. -- *Jaden Cameron* I guess it's a good thing for cameron there are no free speech laws in the UK.  Don't know who it is here, but Cameron from Sorority Noise/Old Gray has filled in for him in the past. Wait, why does Foxnews support Cameron if he wants more government intervention?  Cameron? It's gotten to the point now where every time I see or hear "Cameron" and all I think is "oh ffs what now?" I suspect stuff has been blown out of proportion a tad but if Cameron actually does try this the tories will become unelectable for a generation, again. 5 years of pain to get that, fair trade? 901 votes are the number of Britons that Cameron "won" with, with only 25% of the votes cast. 

Cameron is like the worst US politicians, IMO.  -Cena is a poor man's Rock.

-Cameron is a poor man's Sasha Banks.

-Ziggler is just a poor man's Rollins. I don't think there is anything similar. Oakwood has the charming houses but not the shops. Some parts of the downtown has the shops, but no tree-lined streets. Cameron Village/Oberlin area has a very strip mall feeling. &gt; It's my mom disliking something just because it's "secular" and praising terrible Kirk Cameron films just because they're Christian-themed.

*shudders* Exactly, Thatcher crushed the unions. CAMERON will crush the people What a sinister thing for Cameron to say. I'm not surprised at all though.  well, the media were singing praises of Cameron &amp; co for the last couple of months, so why would it change now? Of course, but you first David Cameron.  Add Mandela to that list, whose hanging Cameron and his Eton buddies personally campaigned for. Britain has been too tolerant of fuckwits like Cameron. Cameron is saying that following the law isn't good enough.

That people should be punished for *following the law*.

He is a crazy person.  &gt;David Cameron’s counterterrorism bill marks a progressive step for freedom and democracy in the 21st century.

Oh you have got to be kidding me. 


Tory propaganda in full effect at the moment.  No, not David Cameron, but Home Secretary Theresa May, also Tory.
 How about we let the UK interfere in your personal life Cameron? Nut up or shut up. I was really hoping for more from Britain. Cameron seems a relic of the Bush era. I'd like to hear viewpoints from British citizens on how this election cycle went. god, Cameron is a cunt. "We need to help those who can't work." said David Cameron just days after appointing Iain Duncan Smith as the Secretary for Work and Pensions.

Aye.  My morning commute makes this my stop of choice. Such a shame, but there's always been crime in the area. Usually it contained itself to those Cameron Creek Apts. David Cameron and Mecha Thatcher travelled back in time and imposed FPTP on the masses. I refuse to look at Cameron in the News from now on because I want this to forever be my head canon of him. I have AP2 712 in stiff (4-PW). Pretty Mint, only used for about 10 rounds.  Fairly new New Decade grips.  Also have a Scotty Cameron Studio Select 2.6.  Let me know if you're interested.  I can send you the pictures at your request. Time to interfere in Cameron's employment prospects, I think. B-but David Cameron is evil! Of course they should be treated lightly, the EU wills it. Sounds like Britain is too tolerant of David Cameron. Right wing parties hate a free press.  Cameron is already cooking up a censorship law. I don't like Cannon, but Cameron is nice. The more I read and hear about David Cameron the less I think of him as an evil leader but more as an idiot. The full quote was:

&gt; "I think most people are human beings, with the exception of that cunt Cameron" Apparently not to David Cameron's supporters. No one should be surprised, Cameron has never had the ability to stand up to the bigger boys and I doubt we will get our fair referendum or any compromise from the EU. David Cameron should be shot in the face then. Isn't Cameron's current agenda "You should be afraid of the law even if you've done nothing wrong" ? Please edit your post to put Cameron at the beginning of the sentence.  Thank you. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77QRQaJ-PIU here cameron is defending free speech after the je suis charlie attacks A politician in the US would be slaughtered if they said anything close to what Cameron has said. In the US we LOVE our freedom of speech.  Cameron's wicked stare? To say nothing of Tristram Hunt managing to combine Cameron's poshness and Blair's glibness. If you think one of Chuka's problems is that he's too sincere, Tristram's your man.  Cameron payne looks like a great fit for most teams. I'd love to have him back up rose. Cute. Too bad those with actual power are about to drive the kingdom into the ground. Cameron has never made a baby smile … true story. &gt; People support Cameron however.

Oh, so your Whataboutism is more valid than his? You're a wanker and you don't get it. Twist: David Cameron is a huge fan of "V for Vendetta" and just trying to pay homage. Actually, it should be Abbott, Cameron, Harper and Key. Also, yeah, they're all a bunch of cunts.  cameron is a leftist now?  That, in itself, is a very "extremist" point of view if you ask me.  I wish Cameron would go punish himself. And I say that David Cameron should go into an alley and shoot himself. The world would be better off. Cameron's extremal political views are first needing an approval. I very much doubt he would move seeing as he is a pretty conservative person and lives next door to David Cameron.  "In order to further the best interest of our nation, the UK shall be renamed Airstrip 1."

*-David Cameron, "Our Glorious Future Speech" 2018* The Frankfurt School of Thought is proud of you Cameron. Cameron is in a high circle, he knows exactly what happened that day, he even went to school with Rothschild &gt;We aren't America, we are different and leftists seem to pride themselves in that.


Leftist? What the fuck are you on about mate, Cameron is a right winger for a right wing party. David Cameron painfully misinterpreting popular opinion once again. We want less draconian political correctness. Not policing of common decency. Leftists like Mr. Cameron? Am I defending Cameron?

No I am not. 

It's not all Zeroes and Ones.

 I bet David Cameron is not a fan of 1984. I didn't read the article, but they phrasing ("...interfere more in people's lives" specifically) is horrible. It's either an unfair and facile paraphrase or just horrible word usage on Cameron's part. I just watched V like Vendetta.

Well played cameron well played.


Maybe I should watch 2012 next Well oh enlightened one? If you've got a point what is it? If you;re not defending Cameron and you don't want to single out Muslims whats your whole diatribe about? Did you reply to the wrong thread? Hal Lindsey on quotes porn, and non-ironically??

We doing Kirk Cameron next? What was that, five days, Cameron? Nice work! How many more Citizen rights do you think you can chuck away in the next couple of months :3 Is Margaret Thatcher just sitting down in Hell, sending Cameron messages or something... like "Hello dear, this is Margaret, how are you? How is Kate and the baby? Long live Britain. Oh, and dear, don't forget, fuck the poor. Talk to you soon" &gt; I have no problem with the government stepping in and regulating something they deem dangerous.

I heard if you say that three times in front of a mirror David Cameron will appear and pass a new anti-terror law. I think that I speak for everyone when I say: What a fucking bag of cunts Cameron is. That was sort of the problem- the other candidates were, at least in comparison to Cameron, not worth voting for. Labour ran on the platform of 'oh noes, Tories' whilst offering little in the way of credible policies.  Who's up for starting with Cameron's life first? Yeah, Gangs of New York was a terrible film, because of Cameron Diaz. Has anyone seen V for Vendetta, I feel like something from it spoke to David Cameron V for Vendetta status for Mr. Cameron. Cameron is doing what Bush did after 2004.: "Mandate"  Sir we have determined you are an extremist because you didn't vote for the consensus candidate, David Cameron. [serious] For those that support Cameron and voted for him, what is it about this philosophy of his that appeals? david cameron is now a moderator in /r/pyongyang Jesus wept. Cameron is such a fuckwit. I can't believe his party managed to get a majority.  By that logic, can't the public then interfere with David Cameron's life?

Get to work, brits. fair is fair.  BETTER ARTICLE http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/13/counter-terrorism-bill-extremism-disruption-orders-david-cameron BETTER ARTICLE http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/13/counter-terrorism-bill-extremism-disruption-orders-david-cameron

TERESA MAY: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LGKRyfzXcMA I think Cameron is secretly foreign. 'Passively tolerant' is virtually the definition of an Englishman. Uh...Cameron is right wing... Kirk Cameron. And ironically now he's a homophobic asshole.  I was 10. Didn't know any better.  *FOR NO MAN CAN MEASURE UP TO DAVID CAMERON'S YARDSTICK OF TRUTH, ALL HAVE FALLEN SHORT OF JESUS, THEREFORE OBEY YOUR GOVERNMENTS BECAUSE IT'S WRITTEN IN THIS BOOK AND I TOLD YOU SO!*

[Cameron 5:13] Dude, look at what Cameron fucking said according to the independent.  The UK is flying past America and towards Russia at this point (yes, a hyperbole with Russia, but you get the point) Is David Cameron trying to compete with Tony Abbott? If Cameron follows through with these pledges I think they're going the right way, right now the Tories are what UKIP supporters should be siding with. Cameron has publicly stated that he wants to outlaw any encryption that the government cannot decrypt.

http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2015/jan/15/david-cameron-encryption-anti-terror-laws I wish Cameron and Tyler were my brothers. :&lt;

u/winky_pop &gt;Which was a huge criticism against Thatcher. Guess who Cameron keeps a nude pin up of on his bedroom wall.

Well in Cameron's defense, she *is* a saucy minx.  Your point is so far off topic that it doesn't even discuss Camerons issue with Britain being too tolerant and permissive. 

You seem insane and angry so this is my last response to you. Salamalekum. &gt; Britain [...] should not leave people to live their lives as they please just because they obey the law, David Cameron has said.

Really...? I mean, *really*? Original /r/technology thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/35vxpp/obeying_the_laws_not_enough_for_david_cameron_for/ You joke about it but I am legitimately scared I am now on the government terror watch list for googling "David Cameron is a cocksucking piece of shit cunt who should have his testicles cut off and force fed to him" SNP did well so i'm chuffed, we're going to get rammed though by Camerons eton cock Well, given the long history of scuttling refugee vessels since the Abbott-Cameron days on old Earth, I can understand not wanting to send innocent people into harm's way. They need to be able to protect themselves from the xenophobes and racists. Guy living in Britain here, can we swap Cameron for Abbott? Pretty please? Original /r/technology thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/35vxpp/obeying_the_laws_not_enough_for_david_cameron_for/ david cameron is a fucking lizard person But would you shoot David Cameron if you had the chance?

Would you do it if you thought you would get away with it? David Cameron = [Adam Sutler](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130107000459/villains/images/9/95/Sutler2.jpg)? Would you shoot David Cameron if you had the chance?

Would you do it if you thought you could get away with it? Damn I'm not even British and I hate David Cameron. What a royal twat. http://m.xhamster.com/movies/3460321/sexy_18y_cameron_diaz_look_alike.html

I think this is it  Ahh yes, BBC Bitesize. Recuiting pre-GCSE kids into terrorism. Thanks Cameron! As I always say you get what you vote for Britain. I just hope Cameron just fuck things up too much.   Maybe he'll attend the game in Cameron in a red sweater. I'm sure K will invite him. That would bring down the house.  TIL Cameron thinks he was elected King. https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-mp-keep-the-ban-on-fox-hunting-2
This one has a lot more supporters Well it seems like David Cameron can go and killhimself Cameron Garfield is supposed to be really good eventually i can see the parody video now just a normal day with a family watching tv with the kids playing and you just see david cameron peeking round the corner with a notpad I mean david Cameron did so... &gt; Guess who Cameron keeps a nude pin up of on his bedroom wall.

...himself? *Strange Days*. A really dark/graphic cyberpunk film written by James Cameron and directed by Kathryn Bigelow (Point Break/The Hurt Locker/Zero Dark Thirty). aaaaaaah, there he is. the piece of shit i know. [i was already getting worried that i was wrong and he's not that bad at all.](http://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/35uf64/british_prime_minister_david_cameron_was_to/cr7zv9n) ~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron, the United Kingdom That's the only reason he's a sleeper instead of Tier 2 in my opinion. Healthy Cameron in that offense will be huge. Can we kidnap Mr. Cameron and throw him outside after dark? James Cameron. British Prime Minister David Cameron announces intent to enact "Thought Police" legislation. Minority views are no longer "acceptable".

Should be the title. I'd like to see if anyone here possibly agrees with this. Please give us your best argument on how Cameron's statement is useful in any context. I would think hate speech with threats and that calls people to violence should be illegal. Although if you want to call someone a slur or say that David Cameron is a cunt they should be allowed to.  Wantingxthe government to control more is a liberal idea, so if you support what Cameron is saying you are supporting liberalism and all opposed to it are actually supporting conservatism. Funny how shit works. Just when you think the cassetteboy videos are the most hilarious and clever things to ever happen to David Cameron.. "Cameron is a cunt and should fuck off and mind his own buisness," say law-abiding people. I'm sure it's been stated but don't be afraid to make a three hour film. If James Cameron can make billions off a three hour movie, Marvel can to. Shout out to Ryan Cameron for always bringing the fucking energy Actually Cameron did claim to be libertarian in the early 2000s in some drug related articles. Please explain, with sources, exactly WHAT Cameron has said he wants to do that you would find tyranical Cameron Maybin was pretty much supposed to be the second coming of Ken Griffey Jr.  Ryan Cameron I must be effing dumb, cuz cameron's statement above makes no sense to me I hope they listened.

Rick Perry committed the public first degree murder of Cameron Todd Willingham using the death penalty.

It can and will be abused. The Center Backs have a ton of potential. Cameron Carter-Vickers and Erik Palmer Brown are some really incredible talents. Not to mention Miazga is no slouch either. I loved Mo's drawing of James Cameron in the final :) Good on him, betting everything - almost got him up to the winning amount anyway. *A nervous Cameron decides to leave his home for once, slowly walking the streets of Tokyo, when a sign catches his eye.  He slowly makes his way over, inside thinking: 'What are you doing, Cameron!?'* Forrest has Bubba, Cameron Poe in ConAir has the same magical negro granted, he isn't too healthy in either film. Yeah but you see plenty of people say they like Alien or even Alien^3 more, and it's not usually someone's favorite James Cameron movie either.  *Cameron nods, almost seeming to shrink back from the taller male. 'This is why I don't go out much... well, this and other things...'* I'm starting to think that Cameron was inspired by V for Vendetta but failed to realise who the villains of the story were.  Honestly I think Cameron is worse than Obama. The UK (and Europe in general) is FUCKED. *He slowly reaches out to grasp and shake his hand, still nervous.* "I'm Caam... Cameron." *He internally berates himself for slipping up on his own name.* Cameron just looks so disturbed in the background lol no pity pull yet but got an Epic Cameron and a Legendary Warrior for the chamber [The deepest manned submersible article.]  (http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2012/03/120325-james-cameron-mariana-trench-challenger-deepest-returns-science-sub/)  An interesting read if you're so inclined. [This exactly what they are trying to do. My only fear is that they will go overboard with this in some draconian way](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/13/counter-terrorism-bill-extremism-disruption-orders-david-cameron) I'm excited to watch our new offense with Cameron, Stills, and Parker. Quiet, Cameron. You're out of your mind. This isn't pre-Magna Carta! The whole purpose and your job revolves around the fact that you are tolerant! Those were my exact words when I finally got rid of Cameron for Nikki Bella.

If PCC favors 5 PP regulars SVs, I'm using Double Rock/Flair/Crow Sting/Either Bella Twin Cameron Diaz Relevant: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html

(Hope you read my other wall of text, but I'm not going to hold my breath...) But it's not a step in the right direction because "hate speech" shouldn't be a crime.

And you just know Cameron will abuse this to push more nanny state bullshit. someone call cameron to find the bar! So Mr. Cameron, go ahead like a real leader and open ALL your communication!
 Fuck David Cameron. You sure this is photoshopped? Looks like Cameron in his true form to me! "No" - David Cameron Shhh...don't give David Cameron any ideas! A nail polish bottle, empty of course. The ones in [this](http://www.akidspointofview.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/nicole-by-opi-candid-cameron.jpg) shape. It was amazing actually to hit certain spots. This is just ridiculous.

Someone should do an exposè on Cameron's life  &gt; Harper, Cameron, Abbott, and Key are all the same fucking piece of shit.

V for Vendetta irl You don't understand who exactly Cameron et all are fucking with.  Hey Cameron my cell number is 2532309706 for faster reply and can send photos that way as well. My phones not to capable. james cameron's avatar Cameron's more libertarian backbenchers are going to have him killed if this goes on like this (hopefully)  Tänkte studera i Edinburgh men nu blir det Holland istället. Thanks, Cameron.  [Here ya go! Very odd.](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/11502436/David-Cameron-will-not-serve-full-second-term-says-Iain-Duncan-Smith.html) I agree with him. They'll push it and push it until it finally goes through. Because Terrorists! Oh, and paedophiles, extremists etc. 

Oh, Mr Cameron, can we now get back to the parliament paedophile ring now? Or does that go against British values?  It's certainly possible to read it, provided you're the sender or intended recipient!

David Cameron really ought to goose-step off a cliff. [Source](http://www.reddit.com/r/BritishPolitics/comments/35aylc/another_five_years_of_david_cameron_is_going_to/) at /r/BritishPolitics I'm too tollerant of Cameron. Someone should interfere in Cameron's life, maybe a little urine inserted through his letterbox at 3am via a sausage shaped tube will do the trick... Could someone please tell me who the 'Windies' are that Cameron refers to? This is parody, right? David Cameron hasn't really been possessed by Kim Jong Il, right? Cameron Dee I'm not American the autocorrect on my phone is though. 

Go look at the statements made by Cameron and May. I'm only going on what they've announced. The language they are using seems deliberately broad in scope.  Please Cameron is a wanker and has proven that so much in these 2 weeks. Wouldn't even care if someone hanged him for the amount of bullshit policies he has came out with.

 David Cameron Incase there is a quick time event at the end boss david cameron and you need to quickly shoot him before he shoots you. James Cameron with a crown.  IDS is a special case though. Most people admit he was a crap leader, but he has a plan for the benefit system. So having him in charge or work and pensions and a slimy PR type like Cameron as PM makes sense. Again, why David Cameron? I liked them when they had Cameron (TNA's Bram) To be fair, that's not a direct quote from David Cameron - he didn't literally say those words. Nevertheless, the new government's attitude is certainly... *concerning*. David Cameron, rather than May. 

ONE NATION, ONE PEOPLE, ONE LEADER should be the new tory slogan. With the special motto of "work makes you free" for IDS David Cameron: “For too long, we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens 'as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone'"

I'd rather have my government at this point. David Cameron: “For too long, we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens 'as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone'"

This counts as worse to me. Cameron definitely has, he called the authors in for a meeting in the run up to the last election, so it wouldn't surprise me. Cameron is not a conservative. He's more in line with labour when it comes to free speech issues.  We can't live off dignity, Cameron. Stop fannying about with this emotional drivel and pony up the cash to support those less fortunate. 

...is what I'd say if I thought he had any concern for those less fortunate.  My home. £165,000 for a bedroom, Living area with kitchen and a bathroom.

Cameron's Britain.  &gt; Therefore, IMO, we need stronger laws to silence people who spread intolerance.

But as Cameron said, it doesn't matter if you obey laws anymore. They want to be able to come after you anyway. &gt; I read a quote from Cameron in 2008 where he said he has new empathy for disabled people dealing with the processes to receive benefits. Look how that turned out.

He has empathy for them, but he was able to look past it. Eh I can't see Cameron putting someone anti-CDB as Paymaster General.  I think we can agree that Cameron Diaz sticks out like a sore thumb in Gangs of New York. They're all at it, I bet Cameron did some serious fagging at Eton. I suppose your happy about this then? http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html She just filled in for POTUS. Same thing happened in the UK - Tony Blair resigns, so Gordon Brown becomes the new PM starting in 2007. In 2010, he loses to David Cameron. the headline is pretty dead-on, what title would you prefer? 'Cameron tell British they all have potential to be terrorist?'  This will get embarrassing. Cameron will have a field day without Jamison playing. More Cameron smearing (despite the title, that is the real gist of the article). Seemingly no UK socialists anywhere can get it in their heads the British people will keep voting conservative. And why wouldn't they if the economy is improving ? I'm 99% sure that was done by [Cameron Gray](http://parablevisions.com/) who does the album artwork for all of Dead Letter Circus's stuff Boris is much more right wing than most others in the cabinet. He's entertaining yeah, but thats just a guise for his far right views. We'll be much better off with cameron than we will ever be with boris  And I thought CameronxClegg was gay enough. If I had a TV I'd expect a logo on the screen with Cameron's mug on it saying: "Big Bawheid Is Watching You". :/ Sauf que.... tous les sondages disaient que Cameron ne serait pas réélu, ou à tout le mois, n'obtiendrait pas une majorité. Mouais. 

Mais j'espère fortement une vague orange. On allume des cierges?
 Kill David Cameron Got a contact very close to the Tory MP in Gower, he promises to raise it with him. So consider him contacted.
My contact is actually meeting David Cameron tonight but I don't think he'll get chance to pick apart bills today! All we need now is Cameron Jordan It's more in the 'historical fiction' vein but Christian Cameron writes a good series right in the 'Alexander/Wars of the Successors' time period.
 Oh please. Cameron is barely a Thatcherite. He's a self-proclaimed Bairite.  I read through it and agree it was awful. But I wondered how any of it related to David Cameron. He describe each awful point as if it was Cameron's fault. Then at the end of course it all boils down to money. Cameron: From now on every website will require a captcha test for each individual function that is in any way networked.  &gt;Guess who Cameron keeps a nude pin up of on his bedroom wall

Himself? We've got a big community who would love to help you, you could even upload your project files and have the community do what you need for you. Drop me an email if you like cameron@wevolver.com or check it out: https://www.wevolver.com/ Cameron is in power again so you must be really happy :) The Tories tried to pass this under the last government but failed because the Lib Dems didn't back it. Scary to see Cameron pushing it again less than a week after ditching that pesky coalition.  Every time someone in the UK gives us shit about American politicians, I simply say to myself....David Cameron. Btw we do. Marcus Cannon and Cameron Fleming I read Dio's lines in Liquid Snake's voice most of the time, so I'd like it if Cameron Clarke voiced him, but that's very unlikely... Cameron Wake and Warren Moon, since for some reason neither has been mentioned yet No argument here. Cameron is nuts. My Diva luck is starting to turn around in WM, I have single Natalya, Nikki, Paige and Cameron. Just waiting for that pair Please don't vote for Hunt, if people want someone posh, centre-right and out of touch for prime minister they'll just vote for Cameron again.

I think Burnham is your only viable choice. Then again I voted Green so you don't have to listen to me! Don't forget about Cameron The one wearing the French flag looks like David Cameron  Binnenkort verkoopt de regering Cameron het land aan de hoogste bieder :-P Miliband challenged the non doms who run the banks and media, while it would be silly of me to say that Cameron was placed into power as a result it certainly speaks volume into how powerful those guys really are in terms of politics. Cameron is that you David Cameron's solutions to a better society: Round up all the law abiding citizens and send them to reprogramming camps for re-education! 

This fucker is scary!  Nah, the first time was in 1912 when James Cameron filmed the Titanic.

But didn't know that, wasn't aware we reached the bottom, guess we just gotta focus on the cave systems now, xaxaax. Is David Cameron going to start sending all his private correspondence to the media to see if it gets approved or not?  No?  Well then I guess he must be better than everyone else. I'm prepared to say that today Cameron wants to go after Islamic extremists. But what about tomorrow? I don't like the fact that my government is planning to get rid of the Human Rights Act. "David Cameron is an outdated concept" - Kejru Avatar 2 - James Cameron
Coming Soon
Set for filming: Canada It's almost as if Cameron doesn't really get Scotland. There is only one question.

 Is Cameron a psychopath, or a sociopath?

Neither one has any business leading people. If the Tories try ditch Cameron now it'll kill the party. There's already enough animosity to the Tory government, let alone if they start in fighting. Cameron Wake. He's just so professional and so passionate about the game. Intelligent as hell and a god damn machine. I'd love to meet him one day What does Cameron consider "politically incorrect"? Cameron voice, "MathW you're my hero." And the team with Cameron was awesome. They had a unique style in the ring and their promos were a lot more intimidating than just two painted dudes yelling. Dat Caffeine performance... fucking sick! James Cameron needs to remaster that shit in 4D HD 60fps Smellovision ASAP!

I love the extended Caffeine they do/did live, though it looks like they've stopped that. Nicola, for god's sake, don't invite Cameron to a wedding. This stage is called ["anger"](https://www.reddit.com/r/Anarcho_Capitalism/comments/30znbj/david_cameron_well_create_a_job_for_everyone_that/cpxbbjc). In other bad news, downvotes to this link will not retroactively become votes against David Cameron. The secret is that men are easy to kill. That if yo are brave and have a steady hand and a cold heart, yo can have whatever yo desire. - Christian Cameron, Killer Of Men. Though they do downvote OP for making up a story with his wrong title, David Cameron never said this at all, nor is it mentioned in the article.  I get that we're pretty progressive but... erm.. [this](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/david-cameron-appoints-second-antigay-marriage-mp-caroline-dinenage-as-equalities-minister-10244478.html) did happen... Piers Morgan doesn't like him? Well Cameron has certainly gone up a step in my estimation then. 'David Cameron is friends with Jeremy Clarkson, and Clarkson punched me because I'm a self obsessed twat who needed a slap. That's why I don't like David Cameron.' OMG! LOVE THIS GAL, CAMERON CANADA!  So is a political system where a man like Cameron can rise to power. What's the record for fastest failed Commons vote I wonder? Maybe Cameron is on track to break it... Will you feel the same way when David Cameron decides that your daily actions have become a "threat to a functioning democracy"? It's still be imposed on us. Cameron's been questioned about it on NWT and completely dodged the question. James Cameron.  Avatar?  Really? UK resident here. What new law? I saw something on /r/worldnews about David Cameron thinking our privacy ought to be invaded more or whatever but didn't really look much into it, if that's the thing you're referring to. Cameron won't get a single one of those. None of them will even be on his wishlist. [Link to an article](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html) to give context, for those who don't know. With such a slim majority it seems David Cameron is going to struggle to do anything in the next 5 years.  I was under the impression that a repressive authoritarian government *was* a threat to the functioning of democracy. How wrong I was! I'm glad David Cameron is around to correct my warped, vile view of the world. Not healthy, that. The crazy thing is my last two rewards....you wanna guess? WM Cameron and Paige with a side of SV Brie Bella so now I could pro her but I don't need to which is crazy.  &gt;We have created the conditions for it to flourish

Right wing figures in the UK tried to ban freedom of speech in extremism, which is what Cameron’s trying to do now. We didn’t stop it, we martyrized it. 
 Well you're clearly worldly enough to think Ireland is part of the UK still. 

Glad you accept your chav lifestyle. We call that white trash over here. You'd fit in flawlessly it seems. 

Kudos on Cameron too, bet you love the cunt! &gt; somewhere behind Kirk Cameron

I agree with you but that bit is a bit hyerpbolic, no?  Saying people who expect extremely literal movie titles are less credible than Kirk Cameron makes the latter sound more credible than he is. Hey Timberwolves fans, how do you feel about Zach Lavine? I'd love to see Towns and Wiggins with a guy like Tyus Jones or Cameron Payne. keep Angelo and release Marcus Louis and i'd believe that. I still see some main roster people leaving. Rosa and Cameron should be close to being released.  We will cover $10 million of the construction costs for the natural gas line. The works to connect HS2 will begin when HS2 construction does.

~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron, the United Kingdom Everyone hates David Cameron. And he's probably the most anti privacy head of state in the western world. Life is a game. The winners are happy but sometimes the losers are happy too, its not about winning or losing its about the true happiness- Cameron White 2013 What about that liquid they pump into lungs to oxygenate and prevent collapse at high pressures? Cameron gave it some attention in *The Abyss*. more: http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-faces-tory-backbench-rebellion-over-plans-to-scrap-the-human-rights-act-10248313.html You mean the episode with James Cameron the greatest pioneer!? Cameron :( I think Total Divas will keep Rosa, Cameron and Eva Marie on the roster for awhile.  i could be wrong, but i think Total Divas already announced that Cameron wasn't coming back next season He's like Patrick Bateman as a real man. Even the name - Cameron - has a Bret Easton Ellis vibe. Cameron Worrell - Dolphins Safety. cameron's a decent fella. I quite like him.

Tory government is better than any alternative so... I've had the worst pulls in SV KotR,  last five where I've made the semis.  Roman,  Cameron,  Kane,  J Swagger and Cameron. And unfortunately I used Cameron for fusion although I have Nikki SVP but could've helped my Rtg.   It would be funny if Jesus re-appeared and punched Cameron in the face for all the injustices cameron has commited then again Jesus is middle eastern so he'll probably get a terror charge  That's if we have a country left after Cameron and his cronies are done with it. And I think Cameron Erving will do a great job at RT/RG For interests sake, [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Darwin#/media/File:Charles_Darwin_by_Julia_Margaret_Cameron_2.jpg) is a picture of Charles Darwin taken in 1868. Which means Beard confirmed! Evidently not, Considering a lot of the Tories seats came from the North.

Nicola Sturgeon even told the Scots to vote Labour if they wanted to get rid of Cameron. The idea being a Labour-Lib-SNP coalition if people of Scotland voted for Labour. That's true. David Cameron just limited freedom of speech. His name is James Cameron... I don't like the current versions of Peter Jackson and James Cameron.  If Jackson would go back to his pre-LoTR and Cameron to the pre-Titanic days, I would enjoy them both a lot more. If you like it, don't forget to check out his work as Christian Cameron. Well. It's nice to see our government TRYING... 
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-faces-tory-backbench-rebellion-over-plans-to-scrap-the-human-rights-act-10248313.html Yeah, but with the timetable it would be infeasible to resign and win before Cameron pushes the legislation through without him

Plus not many people will remember his first resignation unless he brings it up by resigning again No, Cameron knows this - they're the ones who voted for him - London is mostly Labour. All hope lies in Doom. Not so much David Cameron. Hence why people in the North of England are calling for a join with Scotland. Hell, better than being tied to Cameron on Downing Street.  I wanted to say villain, but the way it's worded I knew it was a politician. 

-It's was Alan Clarke MP, on how to deal with the IRA. I like this game.

http://www.newstatesman.com/blogs/cultural-capital/2009/07/cameron-conservative-thatcher-twitt I have Cameron which I can perfect pro cause I have two of her I have cameron which I can perfect pro  It feels like Cameron has been in power for 13 years already. Cameron is to the right of Churchill. No thank you. That's an awful idea, one that's only been thought through as far as "Well...Cameron isn't the big guy up there!". Wow, that [Kirk Cameron one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qec8YbXkJkw) is really cheesy. You've basically linked blogspam. Here's the original article.

http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/may/11/cameron-rebooted-five-more-years-tory-government-no-one-predicted [Via the MEN](http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/greater-manchester-news/unflattering-david-cameron-poster-put-9259405). James Cameron's Dark Phoenix Saga, Josh Tranks x-statix  Cameron wants to make it look like he's tough on Europe. He can't legally do it though, as if he did he would break the Good Friday Agreement and the Scotland Act.
 Does Brian May keep up with politics at all?

Asking if Cameron wants to stay in Europe! Everyone knows he does.

And then asking why he doesn't give a referendum on fox hunting. FFS! What a prick. Most of the UK is far to passive to protest or riot, god I can't even talk to my parents about the current David Cameron Twattery without the conversation ending with 'You don't need to worry, you can't change anything.' :| they returned to vote for Cameron :D James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. you better understand it quick, if old Cameron gets his way... It looks like David Cameron with a hitler mo. Cameron Bairstow David Cameron?  This type of shit, right here, is *exactly* why the Bill of Rights exists in the US - particularly the First Amendment. In other words, May, Cameron, and their ilk are proposing to bring Britain back to the 1700s. To be more technically correct, those 24.5% of the electorate voted for representatives who align themselves with Cameron. Nobody outside of Witney could vote for this clown. Alternatively you know that it's time to join Scotland and let Cameron sink his own ship. But so far this government has been pretty progressive. And Cameron himself is very progressive. He pushed through gay marriage even though a lot of his party didn't like it. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is... James Cameron." From that day forward, she ceased to be "Cameron" and became "Count It!" But James Cameron was a Canadian..... I'm talking about the leaders themselves though. Cameron and Osborne are both socially liberal. And he's the one appointing people, so it's doubtful that he is trying to push some sort of socially conservative agenda IMO. Speaking as someone who lives in scotland. I don't remember a day where someone didn't complain about the tories or straight up wished Cameron to die or drink bleach.  Indeed. Saying Palpatine was a Sith would be like accusing David Cameron or Barrack Obama of being a member of the Knights Templar.

...so basically, only conspiracy theorists on the Holonet would say that. It's like being David Cameron's bitch. Only I don't get to feel dirty about myself. &gt; Nicola Sturgeon even told the Scots to vote Labour if they wanted to get rid of Cameron

I would reassess that assertion if I were you. I even struggle to find even a semblance of reality within it.  David Cameron............my thoughts on him I must keep to myself.  Morgan.

...okay, not my favorite but not so bad.

The other past names?

Cameron, Hillary, Sherry, Helen, Rosemary, Bertha (*shudder*), Claire, Eloise, Nettie, Freda, Winifred. 

What a bunch of uggos.  What's Cameron doing, bringing Gove on that early? I think he's just making fun of all the people who voted Cameron in. David Cameron.

Though I think it would be just [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ll3uipTO-4A) As a Christian I would like the PM to keep his interests and agenda out of  my relationship with God. David Cameron has no authority to define anyones belief, no moral, spiritual or legal authority whatsoever and if he has then let him produce it. Regardless of your political views this is pretty disgraceful. You may not like Cameron but this is too much.  it's a berating of Cameron dismembering the rights one by one just as hitler described...- https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/35vyzu/cameron_declared_are_we_going_to_allow_a_means_of/ http://i.imgur.com/SCikwKR.jpg (It's worth pointing out that this was Hitler in criticism, not in instruction - which literally makes cameron worse than Hitler in this regard of privacy) Careful, don't express that opinion too loudly on reddit or they'll silence you quicker than their imaginary Cameron Death Squads. He's starting kirk, niko, brooks, cameron, and nazr in the second half. As the starters eat thibs alive on the bench. It would help though.

All joking aside, how on earth did Cameron get voted in again? So you're the person David Cameron was talking about not wanting to work. Is his British advisor a Davide Cameron fan ?  &gt;You may not like Cameron but this is too much.

...the fuck? A democracy thrives on this open speech. For example, I'm an American who has never voted in any election, but by golly, this Cameron guy sounds like a real douchebag. Yank here.  Is that David Cameron about to blow his fool head off? It's very ['the most popular girls in schools'] (http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20131031215715/degrassi/images/3/31/Cameron_van_buren.gif) David Cameron.  Well, there is his opinion. And then there is !his opinion.

!his opinion == "politically incorrect" according to Cameron I thought it was Jon Lovitz at first, I don't really know about David Cameron enough to recognize his face. It didn't help that I also thought that Manchester was in America (or maybe I got my wires crossed thinking of Manhattan). AYO shoutout to Cameron Bairstow for earning $507,336 sitting courtside in a suit the whole fucking season. THE FUCK, is he doing on this team... David Cameron. Cameron is a puppet as is any leader of a country. The banks are their true masters.  Cameron Bairstow for at least having an excuse for not showing any fucking heart I agree. He looks posh. David Cameron's bastard child or something. People were talking about Cameron being ousted not too long ago. Now look at where the Tories are.

This is just par for the course for political parties. It'll all blow over and everything will be back to normal in a couple of weeks. Come on that's a bit harsh comparing Hitler to Prime Minicunt David Cameron. Hitler is fucking Ghandi compared to this weak jawed, Eton raised peice of shit. This sounds like Cameron's bid to bring back hanging. Kirk cameron had a series of them that was pretty bad No, I'm Cameron Fangraphs is pretty much the best I've found, but a few duds do pop up there every so often (Dave Cameron $/WAR oversimplifications or Rotographs fluff pieces are the worst) Oh it's Cameron, I get it now, I've been away from the UK too long. With that hairline I thought it was Bob Hope and couldn't work it out at all. &gt;  David Cameron has no authority to define anyones belief

I'm not sure that's what he's trying to do... Impossible to say because Cameron is attempting to renegotiate various terms to stay and because the terms of any withdrawal are not clear either.

I'd stay with sufficient changes. Your point?

You are saying nothing, and yet some really stupid shit at the same time. Are you the man himself? Are you david cameron? Details: http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/13/counter-terrorism-bill-extremism-disruption-orders-david-cameron

Fucked up, to say the least. He was talking about Cameron Bairstow, btw http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/14/cameron-brown-prison-decade-no-conviction_n_4232889.html 

Huffington Post has a different perspective from 2013. I smelled a rat when I read the hive mind craving blood. There's more to this story.  David Cameron: Thought Police. Cameron turning into Dr doom? Doesn't Geoff Cameron start for Stoke? I don't really follow Premier League much but I thought he played for them. Cameron is a distant cousin of Queen Liz?  
I'm also wondering why routers cares about what a 19 year-old IT worker in aberdeen thinks about all this. Hardly a player in power politics... I can't believe I have to say this in the 21st century, but it's just music. It's entertainment. It's an act. Only loonies like Kirk Cameron are incapable of separating a depicted role from their actual internal beliefs.  He was actually a tory up until the badger cull http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-2193595/Brian-May-I-voted-Tory-But-Ill-vote-Cameron-bloody-badger-cull.html David Cameron's policy on the EU is national embarrassment. The referendum is a form of blackmail that is why I oppose it.  If it wasn't going to be worse they wouldn't replace it. besides, didn't Cameron say something about not breaking any laws would no longer protect you? Ah but when Cameron makes a slip like this "he's revealing what he truly thinks" David Cameron Looked off, thought it might have just been a younger picture. Any clue who this is?

Edit: never mind, someone below pointed out that it was Cameron. Peyton/
Eli

Lamar Miller/
Joseph Randle/
Charles Sims/
Jonas Gray

Dez Bryant/
Jordy Nelson/
Jarvis Landry/
Charles Johnson/
Josh Huff

Jordan Cameron/
Dwayne Allen

Cardinals/
Eagles

Justin Tucker Stay - I hope Cameron does manage to get some powers back (though I might not agree with him about which ones) but ultimately given a choice with things as they are, I'd stay. &gt; David Cameron............my thoughts on him I must keep to myself. 

Repressing the truth is not a virtue. Cameron is a common purpose weasel who has spent the last 3 years trying to protect the Westminster paedophile cabal.  &gt;Cameron's pushing to end human rights

You couldn't fit more misinformation into six words if you tried. . . Ah Cameron, when somebody's all time favourite match is Melina vs Alicia Fox, you'd think the wrasslin business isn't for them... But here she is, years later, still working for the company.... Obviously not familiar with British current affairs then.

Search: Cameron (not Diaz) I think it's hoping that David Cameron will blow his brains out, as that will be the only way to save the United Kingdom? As an American, David Cameron is just a Commie in British clothing. The department of homeland security should sue Cameron for copyright infringement. I'm excited to see Cameron's Britain. 'In order to ensure our security and continuing stability, the United Kingdom will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire, for a safe and secure society, which I assure you will last for ten thousand years.'

Emperor Cameron, 2016.  Cameron would still find a way to spin it to make his look bigger. It almost felt like the polls/media leading up to the election were scaring people into voting conservative. Extremely concerning they got the majority alone because Cameron will claim mandate for this kind of quackery.  'Britain is too “passively tolerant” and should not leave people to live their lives as they please as long as they obey the law,' David Cameron and how many did Cameron take? Under Emperor Cameron's new reign this sort of behaviour will have you on a watch list. Any further content you submit online will have to be approved by government PR to ensure it does not "disrupt democracy"..... Yeah,i cant stand Cameron,but "unflattering" is the wrong word...maybe "tasteless". "There are David Cameron's opinions, and there are opinions that are not David Cameron's.

Opnions that are not David Cameron's are politically incorrect." Not sure why Big Dave would be killing himself, after all he &amp; his chums are getting everything they wanted now those pesky Lib Dems aren't holding them back.

Surely it should be Cameron shooting the people in the back?  You'd think Cameron was a genocidal maniac by the reaction the election is getting from some people. he's just been re elected and look at his announcements - i.e. it's started with cameron but he is one such cog in the mass of society.

 Mi ricorda moltissimo [l'ultima uscita di Cameron](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html). Their best hope is Cameron fucking up. I was thinking about Scientology the other day when Cameron was going on about "radical worship" and wondered if they would fall under his plans to squash extreme religious belief. &gt;  much as I detest Cameron and everything he stands for

Everything? You know everything he stands for? &gt;The chances of Cameron becoming a suicide

He is become suicide, the destroyer of Cameron I feel like you're saying everything Miliband did definitely didn't work, and everything Cameron did definitely did. That's a bit of lazy thinking that isn't necessarily true. Explorer of the sea -- no mountain too steep, no river too deep -- (who's that? It's Him) --  James Cameron!! I thought it was supposed to be Adolf Cameron? A shame Cameron is pandering to the 4.7% of the population who voted SNP.  I just remember how after the debate which Cameron and Clegg ducked - the BBC gave William Hague an unopposed 15 minutes to talk about how shit the other parties are.  Cameron Smith is the only person I've ever see do one well  Well, how many people were saying Cameron would get a majority next election after 2010? Predicting 5 years in the future *is* a fools game.  It's Comment is Free.  The idea is that you write under your own name.  David Cameron wrote for them three times last year, Nigel Farage hasn't written for them as recently as 2013. Didn't Cameron admit or at least suggest he'd smoked pot as well? cameron was pretty unknown when he became tory leader. it's about what they say as well. Cooper speaking a lot less sense and comes across as patronising IMO The millions of British didn't though, Blair was liberal, Cameron is conservative different government and majority population don't support helping oil wars  Sorry but what does that have to do with anything? Cameron has absolutely nothing to do with it either, he was unknown in 2003.

The point is, the British state supported the US. Haha yes, hard to believe but yes:
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html Murdoch has to get his reward for helping Cameron get re-elected Is Cameron actually expecting Scottish people to vote Conservative after passing devolution measures? I feel like he could give each of them a free unicorn and they would still vote Labour (assuming the SNP declines for the next election). 26% of UKIP supporters would actually be less likely to vote to stay in the EU if Cameron managed to win some concessions on the UK membership You could say "the chances of Cameron committing suicide" perhaps? &gt; Smith will be implemented but most importantly, regardless of what the Scottish people have voted for in an overwhelming majority, Cameron does not support Full Fiscal Autonomy for Scotland.

Well, it was a majority, but only just. I think everyone is viewing this wrong, this isn't Cameron bowing to the SNP and giving them what they want, this will almost certainly be about giving the SNP enough to make them agree to not try and break the Tory majority in Westminster.  As an American it's nice to see another country's leader say something horrible for once. How did Cameron get elected when he says shit like this?  https://twitter.com/a_c_mcgregor/status/598898059645480960
 Because we can't replicate human movement and emotion well enough without it. Do you think James Cameron's Avatar would have worked if the Na'vi moved like surreal automatons? Nor does the UK, evidently, since Cameron is still PM.
 By all means! But this quote from Cameron was just about the most blatantly and unambiguously evil statement I have ever heard attributed to a British PM! I'm certain that the fact that you're equating Cameron to a genocidal maniac shows a lack of critical thinking on your part. SV Fusion Daniel Bryan
L Pro Edge
Epic Pro Ultimate Warrior and John Cena 
Epic Pro Cameron David Cameron would always lose, if that is what you are asking.  Also seen an extra £13.5bn investment in the NHS under Cameron. Obama- Iglesias??Madurin -iglesias? Cameron- iglesias??!!!

anda, anda... Cameron Wood would like a word.  Megan Fox.

Carmen Electra. 

Cameron Diaz.

Jessica Alba.

They all fit the "hot bombshell" archetype that I have just never been into. Seems just "fake" to me. Ryan Gosling, Cameron Diaz, Julia Roberts  For me it's 

- OL troubles 

- Albert/Cameron staying healthy

- CB opposite of Grimes

- Coaching 

- LB stepping up. 

I know most people are concerned about our LB's but thanks to our d-line I feel we can kinda hide our weakness there.  That would've been my answer aside from 2008. If only we had Cameron that year instead of Studrawa.

I feel like I say "what could have been" way too much lately. We get so close....dammit. There's nothing down there but weird fish and James Cameron. Are you ~~stupid~~ daft? All the major parties promised greater devolution powers for Scotland if they voted no to the referendum. And since cameron ended up being PM again, he's just following it through. Doesn't it stand to reason that regardless of how unpopular Cameron allegedly is, he is not AS unpopular as the other contenders ? Going by simple logic the one who is disliked the least wins and this is what these elections have demonstrated.  I'm [repeating myself](https://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/35xr4b/why_chuka_ummuna_is_the_last_thing_labour_need/cr8y3k4) but if people want someone posh, centre-right and out of touch for prime minister they'll just vote for Cameron again. Cameron smoked pot as much as he supports West Ham. If you want to tell Cameron that this was not an appropriate thing to say, contact him at:

E-mail: https://email.number10.gov.uk/

Physical address: 

10 Downing Street

London

SW1A 2AA I tell you what though, that Kirk Cameron is one hell of an actor. I think all of Christendom should use him in every theatrical film that has any significance to Christianity whatsoever. &gt; "How can we work with the SNP, the party that wants to break up Britain" David Cameron, every moment of every day of every week for the last two months up until Friday 8th May.

Suck it. I hope they screw with your legislative agenda Lets give Cameron Bairstow the boot Also with Cameron Erving we'll have a battle for who's gonna play RG and RT, he has a chance of taking over either one of those positions  Cameron Porter scores one goal in a cup game (in his first like 45 minuted with us) and helps us get through, injured. 

Kenny Cooper scores one goal in a cup game (in his his first half with us) and helps us get through, injured. 

The fuck That's not hope. Cameron is one of the more liberal Tories. If he was to be deposed we would get Boris Johnson or Theresa May as PM. *shudders*  People also seem to forget that from 97 onwards the Tories were seen as dead on their arse, unable find a strong party leader who would appeal to the electorate, which all changed when Cameron came along. The picture makes it look like Mundell is sitting on Cameron's lap like a ventriloquist's dummy. :D
  SOLD TO MY MAN CAMERONHAK1 I see he uses Cameron's tactic. 25 goals for Hoffman you say... 4th line it is! Give The Red Knight by Miles Cameron a try.  Hi Cameron :) *"Not for long"*
- David Cameron One of my favorite jokes from the show was the whole Cameron Crowe bit. Cameron Skye. She models for cosmid.net and has shot several hardcore scenes for scorehd.com My name is Cameron and I love movies. Biggest boost of a movie ever. People just see James Cameron's name attached to it and say it's the greatest thing ever. Amazing visuals, garbage recycled story.   Freedom of Expression is protected under article 10 of the ECHR which is why Cameron wants to kill the human rights act.  The law will probably be changed by the tories, Cameron said we have too much choice in our lives and not enough of it is dictated by him/them. Expect lots of changes!  Well to date it's the highest grossing movie of all time and was also nominated for Best Picture. If Cameron wasn't the director I don't believe either of those things would have happened.  I swear Cameron's not paying attention to what his cabinet views are/how they have voted in appointing them? It's not original but I think it's one of the times it would actually be believable and be a big deal. What would be more awesome is if they kayfabe blew up a car with the Bella's + Naomi and Cameron.  Superheroes/Villains: Vision, Captain America, Star Lord, Falcon, Ultron, Daredevil;

Tv: Coulson, Fitz, Hunter;

Minor: Yinsen, Denarian Saal, [Cameron Klein](http://marvelcinematicuniverse.wikia.com/wiki/Cameron_Klein), 

 Tony Blair: 2005, 35% popular vote, 355 seats.

David Cameron: 2015, 37% popular vote, 331 seats.

Totally fair.  Being a racist, homophobic, antisocial cunt, otherwise known as a Farmer and or David Cameron &gt;In September 2013 he issued an apology to Prime Minister David Cameron after making a “bunny ears” sign behind his back during a visit by the British and Irish Lions squad to Downing Street.[15]


HOLY SHIT! Cameron Wake: http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_md3b0pg4N11rj71puo1_1280.jpg James Cameron www.xvideos.com/video7850766/cameron_canada_-_wet_food_5_-_apr_-_sextvx.com &gt; £6.50

How the hell are people able to survive on such a lowly wage?! I am from the colonies, and we're almost double that in Maple Leaf Moneys. It's not like cost of living in the UK is lower - in fact, it's probably higher.

GODDAMIT CAMERON! Would you rather...

Vote for David Cameron or Margaret Thatcher?

You have to vote for one. When I reached WM I had three picks in like 100 resets, King Booker, then WWE Universe, then Y2J. Since then I pulled Cameron, Wyatt, RVD and Piper, so it was ok. Cameron and the UK Conservative party far right? ahahaha they are way more on par with the US democrats ... Crazy Crawley continually talking shit on subjects she knows nothing about. So Harper is the Canadian David Cameron then? David Cameron? Even so there's some inconsistencies.  It mentions that in free agency we went younger with Fozzy Whitaker and Cameron Artis-Payne.  Whitaker didn't go to free agency and CAP was drafted so.... I'm pretty sure that was his only time turning his hat backwards in all of Sinnoh.

Though to be honest, if he has to lose every league he's in due to the writers,  his loss to Tobias was better than his loss to Cameron. Stupid David cameron. I think so, yeah. Is Cameron literaly hitler too? When Cameron was in Egypt's land And James Cameron films will be making 10 billion.  Being David Cameron does what James Cameron does not for James Cameron; James Cameron does what James Cameron does becasue HE IS James Cameron. You render them photorealistically.

Cameron wasn't talking about photorealistic rendering. He was talking about performance and believeability. That's what the pixar clip exemplifies. james cameron has done it again They say that James Cameron got his inspiration from there.  There is a statue of the flying thing you can pose on and everything. Huh. What exactly do you have against Cameron? Denounced Harriet Jones. 9 promised us Britains golden age but because of the events of The Christmas Invasion Harold Saxon became Prime Minister and threatened to wage war on the universe. At least he isn't as bad as David Cameron and the Tories LOL. 10 Marvel movies for $1billion each or 1 James Cameron movie for $10billion. Cameron must go! (to Syria) I'm pretty sure these are the kind of people David Cameron said we should watch out for. At least the Lib-Dems blocked some of the crap Cameron is now going to push through. James Cameron? Steven Spielberg, Ridley Scott, &amp; James Cameron.  Scottys are sexy, and my name is Cameron. So, yeah, I'll probably get one eventually. I'll make that my 15 handicap reward. (I'm above 20, so yeah...) Not just his oldies. He used like his worst Pokemon from Unova in that battle. I mean why the hell didn't he use Krookodile or Leavanny against Cameron? 

Let's hope the Kalos league tournament is a bit better when they get to it. [@cameronu2](http://instagram.com/cameronu2)   
Not a page with a clear theme, just my life containing University, Guitar and Rock Climbing mostly. :) Not really quietly, Cameron literally said we are all to be watched because its the end of our "tolerant" society in which he now envisions we are all criminals. FYI, that was in the James Cameron interview I linked to you before you freaked out What makes it all the more funny is that in Cameron's speech he specifically said those people are going to be watched.  I got million dollar man Jimmy uso and Cameron that's BS James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is....James Cameron. I know! Rightly or wrongly, I always imagine that those kids are like Cameron, from *Ferris Bueller's Day Off* - terrified of the world, petrified by external expectations, and teetering on the brink of choking/shooting someone. Wales is now a toxic wasteland, as all the nuclear waste produced by Cameron's renewal and massive expansion of Trident was dumped there.  Well of course you wouldn't Mr Cameron. I'm no Cameron fan but this is tasteless at best and offensive at worst. What an awful image. Sorry, I just can't condone people posting, publicly, over sized posters saying they hope someone kills themselves. Awful. I hope James Cameron doesn't find out. This will set back the avatar sequels another 12-18 months easily.  How can David Cameron be the "biggest threat to free speech" when Barack Obama has already been confirmed as the winner of this award by reddit dot com? Thank you James Cameron. A little more than halfway through *Rook* by Sharon Cameron and really digging it. I'm torn between desperately wanting to know what happens and never wanting it to end! Cameron's back :) but Rhea's gone :(

nonetheless, Great movie-great episode.  I've kinda been enjoying this run of 2 person episodes- it's fun to hear the changes in dynamics as the squad rotates.   In other news, the British Ecclesiarchy and Inquisition have been formed today, following the inception of the High Lord of Britain, David Cameron. and Cameron, don't forget Cameron. the icing on the cake was that Jack literally sacrificed his life for her.

Jesus Christ it's the ultimate woman's fantasy but James Cameron knows how to make money I suppose. Stupid american here, is that supposed to be David Cameron? I'd take Martavis Bryant over Emmanuel Sanders (and definitely over 2010 Sanders) and Kelvin Beachum over Starks/Adams. Look at that defense, though. The only one I might take from 2015 would be Cameron Heyward vs Brett Keisel, but it's pretty close. 86 Jordan Cameron is yours, PM me your PSN &gt; Cameron Hall &gt;american here, is that supposed to be stupid David Cameron?

That's better Then here's another little memory trigger: [*I'm Cameron Diaz!*](http://i.imgur.com/V6F3w.jpg) &gt;Human being that shouldn't have to be defined by the subjective geo-political border they were born in here, is that supposed to be stupid David Cameron?

Best :) &gt;is that supposed to be stupid David Cameron? Except for the scene where Cameron is typing with 2 fingers like my parents do :D And a hopefully more dynamic offense than Cam Cameron's run up the middle, run up the middle, pass for 6 yards offense. Every james cameron movie I talked my friend Cameron into taking his dad's precious collectible car out for a drive with me and my girlfriend, Sloane. Long story short, I ended up singing on top of a parade float. It was pretty cool. I don't think Cam Cameron would do well against our current defense.  I'll take present Flacco over past Flacco too.  Few years back, first five batters' first names made a sentence. 

Cameron Will Chase Jesus Yonder.

(Maybin, Venable, Headley, Guzman, Alonso) /u/blueteamcameron Meanwhile, Cameron is laughing away because he's the only party leader in the House of Commons. Now all I can think of is: 
James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is... James Cameron. His name is James, James Cameron...  I was gonna ask if you meant the James Cameron one or the nicktoon one, but upon further consideration, it doesn't really matter.

 Fuck off David Cameron. Stop trying to affect our lives. The role of a government is to quietly sit in the corner and pipe up when something's amis. I read that as James Cameron with coke and Adventure Time.  Was expecting much wilder picture. Man In The Mirror (Epic Trailer Version) - J2 feat. Cameron the Public Please outline how Cameron's blatantly bigoted measures have anything to do with this shit   Nice post mate, only thing I'll say to you is that I think Cameron is against the UK leaving &gt; Human being who was nurtured by pro-american cultural bias, is that supposed to be stupid David Cameron?

How's that? Double yes! I want the True Lies Cameron

And Fellowship of the Ring Peter Jackson. The whole of the Anglosphere seems to be going insane. Cameron, Key, Harper and Abbott, and of course the Americans got there first a long time ago. Time for the monarchy to seize power?^God^save^the^Queen And I ran into Cameron, Eva Marie and Layla at an AM/PM inbetween Portland and Seattle one night. Just nodded as they walked in and I sat by a garbage can sipping my big ass iced tea. I did not get their phone numbers.  Jeremy "Don" Cameron  Much better decision-making from Cameron there. He's pretty good at choosing when to back out of the contest and go for the crumb. For too long, we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens: as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone.

David Cameron Since jerran is racist I'll do the honors:

Sexy gif of Cameron He did what guys like Spielberg, Lucas and Cameron failed at: took the movie making skills they built up from decades of experience and made a movie that they would have made in their 20s, as opposed to trying to resemble that. This is the **SS James Cameron** 

something something something

Southpark Joke The sweetest thing with Cameron Diaz  If they fire Leon Cameron, yes. " Mr Cameron, this visionary guy is shooting his film at 60 fps!!"
 " No one can top me. Tell the boys to start from scratch, we'll be shooting the next avatars in at least 120 fps.I have finished the scripts for the next 12 parts btw" Fangraphs Audio.  Especially the weekly one with Dave Cameron. The other Fangraphs Audio are good but not always stats or even baseball focused. Jeremy Cameron and Cameron McCarthy are almost certainly the best ever forward combo where one bloke's last name is the other's first.

Edit: and that name is also the Coach's last name They haven't got the faintest idea what its like to be poor. I doubt Osborne or Cameron have ever gone to gone to bed hungry and cold.  Greater Western Sydney Camerons does have a nice ring to it **Carlton vs GWS**


____________________________________________

3 votes - Adam Treloar

2 votes - Jeremy Cameron

1 vote - Shane Mumford Jezza Cameron We're still waiting to find out what Cameron stands for after 5 years of him in charge. Of course, he was in at least two Cameron films before that. Some directors like working with the same actor. Sadly so true, but he has been doing it by stealth. Cameron is more like Abbott. Scary that. I wonder how things would have turned out if he had won the Tory leadership election. None of the authoritarian crap Cameron is pushing, that's for sure. Not necessarily. Cameron could have been the werewolf, but the game won't end until Alejandro dies because he turned out to be the infected and is now patient zero, which is an enemy of the town. I have got a feeling that the Tory Backbenchers are not going to like it, I bet Cameron is going to use it to fuck over backbenchers like David Davis and other rebels. Seems like people find it awesome purely because reddit doesn't like Cameron. Very mature. The Bullingdon Club, so I'm in an orgy involving David Cameron, Boris Johnson, and George Osborne. I don't particularly want to think how that would go. The bravest pioneer,
No budget too steep, no sea too deep,
Who's that?
It's him, James Cameron They can, but as Cameron is finding out at the moment the Bill on Human rights is tangled up in 20 different international treaties. Blair did not want his stuff undone so he really wove it into the fabric of our constitution so to speak. Cameron would still have been in power, and there were some legitimate reasons people didn't vote for labour. That money doesn't come from one person. You make it sound like if David Cameron didn't personally have £325,000 he couldn't be PM. Frankly, that may be your view but it does not match to facts.  It doesn't, for example, explain Cameron's Carlisle Principle speech nor Farage's remarks  about throwing money  north of Hardian's Wall, or Johnson's "Jockalypse" quips.



 Can only hope. Abbott has Mark Textor devising this shit, he just delivered David Cameron a majority government, kept Howard in years ago, got Boris Johnson mayor of London and of course got the coalition their 2013 win. In other news, David Cameron found to be far less impartial than the Speaker of the House of Commons. [I answered it further down the thread](http://np.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/365fu7/why_does_cameron_want_a_vote_on_repealing_the/crawjdj?context=3) Cameron Fucking Smith.  And Blair. Unfortunate both Blair and Thatcher had massively good PR and public image and a war, Cameron has neither of those things.  wow cameron smith did something stupid and got away with it  
stop the fucking presses The argument is that Cameron is highly likely to hold an EU referendum in 2016 instead of 2017 &amp; that 3 months without a leader for something that close would severely damage the out campaign. Not as bad as confusing Charlie Cameron with Eddie Betts. It's been happening in Scotland for quite a while now. And things like this will only further the SNP's goal to break up the union - which Cameron so dearly loves... Cameron Smith is a fucking protected cunt. me gusta papas frías, los bigotes de la cabra Es Cameron Diaz Sorry but I think that title is backwards, it should be "If Labour had just convinced 2984 Green voters, Cameron would have been denied a majority." We don't really know. Indeed, if Cameron was just a few seats short of 326 and teamed up with the DUP to get over the finish line, things could be even worse. Cameron isn't that type of player... Somebody check Slater for concussions  James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. 

James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron. If just 2984 UKIP voters had gone Tory, Cameron would have twice as big a majority (probably) Isn't david cameron a villa fan? A protest? Villa, West ham, no one knows. Least of all David Cameron himself  Erm....that was Cameron, not Blair. Same feeling a lot of population is feeling here in Britain atm with the conservatives getting in with David Cameron.  People are literally scared.  AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKING CAMERON JEROME YOU BEAUTIFUL MAN The other way of looking at this is to say that: If Labour hadn't been so spectacularly incapable of offering up a progressive, competent alternative to the Tories enough to appeal to just 2984 Greens, Cameron would have been denied a majority. David Cameron allegedly pays about $140.

Guess who told me that - [the *Daily Mail* again.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2537070/Political-battle-cuts-Labour-Lib-Dems-Tories-compete-cheapest-hairdresser-theyre-men.html)
 *His name is James, James Cameron
The bravest pioneer
No budget too steep, no sea too deep
Who's that?
It's him, James Cameron
James, James Cameron explorer of the sea
With a dying thirst to be the first
Could it be? Yeah that's him!
James Cameron* 10 Marvel movies would certainly come out quicker than 1 Cameron movie Translation: Slavery is freedom
^Shit ^I ^posted ^this^^please ^^don't ^^kill ^^me ^^David ^^Cameron ^^you ^^are ^^amazing I seem to remember Cameron making a list of pledges and failed them all 2010-2015, so it's not like they don't have a record on this. No!

Wake up citizens! Prime Minister Cameron Goebbels is fooling us!

^^British ^^version ^^i ^^think You just don't get it, do you? Any government surveillance is LITERALLY 1984!!!!1!!!1!!11!! David Cameron is Big BRother! After last weeks inaugural David Cameron derby, we this week have the inaugural Fair Play derby That was Cameron Monaghan Looks like they spent the day with James Cameron  4 was at least fun and exciting. 

5 was filled with shitty dialogue, an incoherent plot, and cgi that would make James Cameron say "that's too much guys" David Cameron has a Huge nose. Nick Clegg smells like beans. And now we cut to David Cameron

http://imgur.com/ca0zhlz,GJ04vvM#1

 David Cameron will struggle today because Aston Villa are playing West Ham

I've just received a letter from Anne Begg MP which states she is "standing up for Aberdeen". Anne Begg is wheelchair bound. Cameron Erving &gt;&gt;&gt; Arik Armstead &gt; James Cameron knows how to make money I suppose

That's an understatement.  He literally prints money. Avatar. But that was shot in native 3D by James Cameron, so I suppose it's a different story.   He read the UK papers and saw that Cameron is all for this agenda and decided, why not? In other news, Cameron unveiled a re-branding of the Conservative party, which will be re-named 'Norsefire'. Well I'm sure not many politicians do know what its like, but I'm sure a large portion of the left leaning politicians can at least emphasise with people who do suffer.
Osborne and Cameron just don't give a fuck. &gt; A review of Scott Cameron's book Understanding #GamerGate

Amazon link: http://www.amazon.com/Understanding-Gamergate-Sarkeesian-Justice-Warriors-ebook/dp/B00VU7QZF6

I think that book warrants its own thread. &gt; Cameron is highly likely to hold an EU referendum in 2016 instead of 2017

Their manifesto actually says "before 2017" so it's any time between now and December 31st 2016. You want to have banter with David Cameron? The guy who says they have to interfere with your life even if you are a law abiding citizen?  You underestimate just how Greedy ~~Thatcher's latest parasitic host~~ Cameron is.  They probably want to hold on to that name until they get something even better. (And I wonder if scientists would even dare to use such names. James Cameron already got bitched at for using unobutamium). You watched the Kirk Cameron *Left Behind* movies more than once? That's pretty masochistic.
 So you (and the thread title) are suggesting that if 3000 random people from across the country voted Labour instead of Green we could've stopped David Cameron from getting back in #10?

Also.. What?! Haha.  WTF I LIVE IN CAMERON VILLAGE how did I miss this?! A little homegrown wtf, I couldn't be prouder. Cameron Heyward  Camerons bloody Britain. Lots of good spots throughout Fairfax. You could also try Cook Lake, which is in Alexandria near the Animal Shelter

https://www.nvrpa.org/park/cameron_run/content/fishing &gt; Cameron knows he can never win over people born after 1980 

I really had hopes that would be the case, but the last two elections still show a significant right wing, they can't all be old people and bankers. &gt;I'm pretty sure Cameron Maybin just broke his left leg with a come backer.


You're the one whose pretty sure, not us. Although if it was actually broken, he wouldn't even be standing  'If just 2984 UKIP/Tory/Lib Dem voters had gone with Labour, Cameron would have been denied a majority.'

What's with the attack on the Greens, as opposed to any other party? Interesting source of [inspiration.](http://images2.fanpop.com/image/photos/12900000/Cameron-Diaz-in-There-s-Something-About-Mary-cameron-diaz-12936317-1053-592.jpg) Prime Minister David Cameron and Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond have arrived, and although disappointed by the lack of a delegation from the Great Lakes and Texas they are confident that a diplomatic resolution can be reached. Cameron Wake Thanks James Cameron! The SDP had no clear need or solid public support, whereas UKIP demonstrably do. Unless Cameron becomes full Thatcher UKIP aren't going anywhere.  Anything with Kirk Cameron  Why did Obama say nothing? Or Cameron? They haven't said a damn thing about Turkey assisting ISIS  Cameron Wake is pretty good I guess. ......um, JAMES Cameron?

Although the trivia is MUCH more interesting if it happened like you said. Anyone else wins:

Flair: Cameron flair "GIRL BYE" &gt;(e.g. the Prime Minister has never had a single job outside of politics).

Yes he has, he worked at Carlton for years, was head of Corporate Affairs and involved in a lot of PR work.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Cameron#Carlton Well Jason Witten!... Oh wait no he's actually just a tight end. 

Jordan Cameron played basketball so hah eat that! Is this Cameron Village in Raleigh, NC?

Edit: I should read the comments. It is.
 To be fair, David Cameron is probably the whitemaniest whiteman that has ever whitemanned.  Lol actually it's funny reading Americans' or Europeans' comments whining about your politicians. I seriously doubt Obama, Merkel or Cameron used the same way of eliminating their political opponents as our glorious leader Vova did. Brenton Thwaites or Cameron Monaghan We're still part of the damned thing aren't we?

At least until Cameron pisses the Scots off enough. And maybe Northern England too. I'm conflicted, on the one hand making fun of David Cameron is wonderful, on the other... [we have to finish the job](http://tomewing.tumblr.com/post/118430189036/prayerbucket-david-cameron-in-2020-we-have-to) It means David Cameron is trying to have a swell time but occasionally some Tumblrina tries to stop him from having a swell time. He has a swell time regardless. That guy looks an awful lot like kirk cameron in those outside shot when hes squinting  David Cameron I had no idea Kirk Cameron was into physics.  [This?](http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/jan/08/david-cameron-great-firewall) Sorry I am ignorant of any filter put up in the UK, can you link me to something about it? I would find that interesting. Maybe, I don't see him doing a better job than our current CMs though, and I think Cameron would come into the role before Muniesa. "Balance the books". I'm not sure why, but it annoyed me this General Election when Ed Milliband or David Cameron or whoever would explain their economic plans to spend, cut and borrow with "balance the books". Agh. I wonder if Cameron or the Tory whips have said "Come back to the Conservatives and you can be a minister". If I were them, that's what I'd do. Welcome to Cameron's Britain. Please leave your dignity at the door. Cameron Atfield.. 'Journalist' Looks like Cameron Diaz with her new face.. I am sure that they will see the errors of they ways once mr Cameron's government present its budget. Every single one of them who has more than 10 millions in they bank account will realize that they are very well represent in London.  I wasn't around any of the match threads yesterday, what happened? All I came home to was a thread about Cameron smith and 2 or 3 blokes I haven't seen before having some really stupid arguments: PPSV Cameron is my top diva. Might've been me. :) Cameron Sutcliffe you owe us a goal. Alright, I get it, Cameron Crowe has a new movie with Emma Stone in it. That wasn't even James Cameron. He must be talking about Avatar, probably worried that the army will use its new murderbots to steal the tree of life in south east asia.  Yeah I forgot to mention in my comment that James Cameron didn't have anything to do with the article. OK yeah i was gonna say. I checked IMDB for a movie about skeptics who worry too much by Cameron but all I found was 'Aliens'.  Serious question: What's with the obsession with Scotty cameron putters? Why does everyone love them?

 
  James Cameron thinks about it all the time... I absolutely love traditionally boys names for girls. My youngest daughter is Ryan. So I vote something like Tyler, Ryan, Charlie, Elliot, ect. Or more neutral like Jordan, Taylor, Micah, Cameron, ect. 

That's just my 2 cents!  You might want to check out the clips on this user's channel.

http://www.xtube.com/user_videos.php?u=Cameron_Gage Yes, until Cameron fucks it all up again. Cameron Crowe movie, might actually be OK. you realize that 88% is twice that of david cameron in the UK right? maybe we should be headed to war there to destabilize their tyrannical government?  Cameron said on Twitter yesterday that they switched the review to Mad Max. I dunno what's better, having this translated or mistakenly thinking that they thought Cameron was 'Strayan and then butchering Bogan slang/speech/whatever the fuck you cunts want to call it. Haha gotcha. I'm all about feel. I've been using a huge head putter from my Uncle and I hate it. It has no feel. I want one of the scotty cameron/ping anser type skinny ones, won't be buying a scotty cameron just yet as I still have yet to break 100. James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is... James Cameron. Slash R slash James Cameron? No, /r/nocontext Hahaha! Great suggestions! And yeah it is pretty funny we post in the same subreddits! Cameron even probably couldn't fit his mouth over it! Yeah I actually think the perhaps the Tabloids (and Cameron) wouldn't get away with the sort of cheap shots they made at Ed at a female leader.  Definitely agree about Romo. I had just missed Jordan Cameron, who I'm really want to try and get round 9. Sounds to me like you're thinking of Cameron's vision of The Big Society  When did David Cameron get so funny. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/religion/10771339/David-Cameron-puts-God-back-into-politics.html?fb_ref=Default I think it depends which way you suggest they should vote, and with that in mind how much of a thorn they want to be in the side of Cameron's administration as a means to achieve their other aims.  Supposedly Blair and Cameron have absorbed liberalism which explains their extensions of surveillance and government power. This is strange, David Cameron has always struck me as a completely godless man.  Everyone knows Cameron is a europhile at this point, not sure why this guy thinks he's new in discovering this.

 exh is UR Nikki 30, SR PPF BNB 0 E Hulk 14 E Dolph 11 UR Jericho 30 and in kotr i have UR Batista 30 R PFP Cameron 25 other dolph 6 ur rvd 30 ur f miz 8 I'm not quite getting the reference, is it something to do with David Cameron's shiny shiny moon face?  Perhaps involving weird Bullingdon club initiation rituals? I think Cameron will have a cross party policy when there will be no whip on support for groups etc.

 We just need to get a power station that can run on Cameron's smugness. We can then retire ALL other power stations. Michael Howard was such a damp squib; I do wonder how the 2005 election would have gone if David Cameron had become leader earlier than he did. Ah taking a leaf from Ragen "Iron Woman" Chastain.

Who herself managed to lower the bar for marathons beyond even the depths James Cameron can reach. Hasn't Cameron said there will be no deal? 

Burnham is a bit behind ? I disagree, it made me think of the Matrix (also shot in Sydney, with a similar light, cameras, extras and look, in some places).

Terminator is an American version of Mad Max, as some have noted (including James Cameron).
 Good point. Cameron has already put us on the path to separation by allowing the Scots a referendum 
 Aliens. The story of a little girl and the adversity she faces in a hostile environment. One of Jim Cameron's lesser known films, but still a goodie.
 Id replace myself with David Cameron and then jump off a bridge. Never understood the fascination with titanic. Bad acting and terrible dialogue as with most of Cameron's work.  Cameron's going full Palpatine since last week i'm looking for a second Natalya, my WM Freebie was Cameron, who is the worst, so just want to improve that before anyone else I'm not the biggest Jordan Cameron fan, but I like the rest.  I think Tannehill has sleeper potential. Cameron Jerome. So is [Barack Obama](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/president-obama-poses-selfie-nelson-mandelas-memorial-service/story?id=21162957) or David cameron. Keep On Pluckin' That Chicken: The Comic.

Cameron Stewart is amazing, though. Never thought much of Cameron Jerome, a ton of goals later though. It's interesting to find someone who hates Cameron who doesn't hate Thatcher more I figure between Cameron and Walker at least one of them should be productive enough for where I drafted them (10th round + in 12-teamer).

 &gt; David Cameron

But we didn't play West Ham!  Question is how much pressure does this put on the Tory party, rushing into a EU referendum not good for Cameron but required given the timetable.  Apparently I'm not alone in believing this then. Felt like I was the only one who didn't want to kill David Cameron. David Cameron will save us! ^Okay ^he ^won't. ^You ^win Hmm. Seems like a pretty strong argument to be honest. What exactly is David Cameron going to do if not become even more a vassal state of the US?

Having said that, it is hardly like the EU is this bastion of social democracy, it is a bankers' club. I dont think David Cameron does that.

At least I hope he doesn't. So, why is Cameron pushing for a referendum in the 2016?

I suppose that if only a minority of Conservative voters have a pro-secession stance he won't dare to do that, isn't it? What black magic did you use to get Charles, Hill, and OBJ?

Overall, the roster looks good except I'm not crazy about Andre Johnson and Cameron. Yeah its good and it's an early James Cameron flick. #cameronsbritain The Hurt Locker was not the greatest, but Avatar was so fucking crap they have to give the Oscar to The Hurt Locker so the Avatar/James Cameron stupid fanboys would shut the fuck up.

 The Conservative party is euro-sceptic but David Cameron and plenty of other Conservatives don't want to leave. Provided that they get some minor changes in the negotiations they will actually be campaigning to remain in the EU. Everyone knows Cameron is a europhile at this point, not sure why this guy thinks he's new in discovering this.
 Scotty Cameron putter. 

It... Completes... Me. To be fair, Cameron was still the PM on March 3. One of them looks like David Cameron.

So yes, terrifying. I hear that the hedge funds have warned Cameron that their historic funding link with the Tory party is at risk if he fails to implement the 'correct' policies. Watching the white teenage boys on youtube. Guys like the Dolan twins, Cameron Dallas, Nash, Jack and Jack etc. It's the worst of my guilty pleasures  &gt; he'd do well in the rap battle portion of the presidential debate

[Well it worked for David Cameron.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7h92DALSM_A) Reminds me of one of Dan Bull's songs. "Mate, rape fantasies are a common obsession, but actually being a rapist is not a logical progression". The song was addressing David Cameron's want to ban porn. They Seychelles is hereby suspended from the Commonwealth on the order of HM the Queen Elizabeth II with the advise of her government Prime Minister David Cameron.  This guy sums Snapchat up in a nutshell, it is for getting nudes out of girls, I still giggle that David Cameron said it could be used for terrorism, I've seen a terrorists writing, that shit is too big for a snapchat caption. lol. I think UK is going to have some nice new laws and surprises over the next years of Cameron! :-) Whoa look out guys cameron is so cool and edgy and goes on 4chan. Pay attention to him. There is one at Cameron rec centre in burnaby. Gates park in poco. Town Centre park in coquitlam.

Those are the three I remember off the top of my head, but I know there are others that I have seen I feel like the UK is getting closer and closer to living in a 1984 world. Especially with the cunt David Cameron in charge for another 5 years. We're so fucked. Why. Do. We. Have. To. Copy. America. In. Everything. We. Fucking. Do.

Grow some balls Cameron you fucking triffid. 

I'm going to work my balls off to get the best degree I can, then hike up and leave so another country can utilise my skills. Heard little bits and I could be wrong but pretty sure its where David Cameron and that lot go if there's a serious attack on the country.  LOTR, Star Wars, Avatar (both James Cameron and tv show), Princess Mononoke, Code Geass and Shin Sekai Yori are the first that come to mind I'm not even in the UK and [this](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/13/counter-terrorism-bill-extremism-disruption-orders-david-cameron) scared the shit out of me.  Confirms my theory that Cameron is an asshat and that England should be avoided if possible. Confirms my theory that Cameron is an asshat and that England should be avoided if possible. Or, as they've done here, they push it through under the radar! Despicable! 

Damn fucking shame this didn't come to light before the election. There'd be no way Cameron would have got in again if this story had started doing the rounds a few weeks ago.  All of Murdoch's media was firmly in Cameron's pocket, there's a reason this didn't come to light. This is the one to worry about http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/david-cameron-announce-tough-new-powers-planned-crack-down-islamist-radicalisation-1501010 [All of it](http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/files/2014/05/cameron-david-happ_1762769c.jpg) And under the corrupt rule of Cameron. FFS Welshman here. I absolutely love Wales, however I refuse to accept being a part of the UK. That's why I voted Plaid Cymru - the only party in the UK that genuinely cares about Wales. Fuck David Cameron. Im not a labour supporter either. All the parties are batshit. Sucks that Cameron is back though, a delusional moral puritan with terrible economics. http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/david-cameron-pledges-new-snoopers-charter-if-he-wins-election-9971379.html Gronk, Graham, Witten, Olsen, Thomas, and Cameron?


I'd put him 4th or 5th, ahead of at least Thomas and Cameron I agree I get so salty when I lose to a Cameron card.  If the SNP hadn't taken all the labour seats, Cameron would be much closer to being shadow govt. Ironically, the girl in this gif cheated on her girlfriend.

Anyway, there's no way you could have known OP, so don't beat yourself up about it. If anything, pull a "The Other Woman" type situation, like the Cameron Diaz movie. That guy is an asshole.  /u/TrollaBot Cameron_Sonntag Gates, not Cameron. Cameron still has plenty to prove. Thomas edges Bennett IMO. Like David Cameron. He's a goddamn nazi. Heyward as top 5 is a stretch IMO, and I like the guy. Top 10, yeah, but top 5, no. IMO the top 5 3-4 DEs in the league are:

1. JJ Watt (lol)
2. Ryan Kerrigan
3. Cameron Jordan
4. Calais Campbell
5. Mo Wilkerson

Heyward is probably my #6 or #7. Kelly Kelly and Cameron didn't really have the Performance Center, Sara Del Rey, or NXT. They came up through FCW. Cameron initially came on through Tough Enough in 2011, and well, she didn't make it. I was surprised to see her in the WWE after. It's James Cameron.  James Cameron doesn't fail when it comes to the box office.  Titanic, Avatar, Aquaman I really really think Cameron is a templar New plot: Assassinate Cameron

Plot power: 0.00001% Cameron makes a great Supervillain http://i.imgur.com/yAKRNXp.jpg. David Cameron saw V for Vendetta and he thought that looked like a great world. I'm going through the past hosts people mentioned here and don't even remember some of them hosting! Cameron Diaz especially. **Cameron**
___
*Cam blinks, dumbfounded.  Meryl continued to surprise him.  He walks up next to Meryl and looks at the door.*

"Barry did that" *Cam says simply, as he starts searching for the assortment of tripwires that are no doubt lying in wait* I'd like to stop by please! I'm Mayor Cameron of Colesgay. FC: 0061-3014-0775

I'm currently adding you. :&gt; Did Cameron Smith only missed one of those games, in their 8 series streak. For me it is a dead heat between JT and Cam Smith. David Cameron actually was not involved in most of the debates. It's bad enough with the ISPs installing automated filters to "protect" us. 

Just yesterday I had to physically go and unblock my favourite porn sites ... You've gone too far Cameron  Cameron Smith expected to escape suspension thanks to being Cameron Smith* Because Cameron Smith™  Gronk, Graham, Olsen, J. Thomas, Gates. 

Bennett falls just outside with Jordan Cameron.  Well it's James Cameron. You badmouth Cameron and thugs come to your house and k WTF, Cameron \#JustCameronSmithThings ~ Luckily Game of Thrones isn't a movie since I'm watching it right now. I'm Leo from Gangs of New York...do I get to fuck Cameron Diaz for this year? If so I'll take the face scar for life.  Were you not paying attention while Blair was in power? I guess he isn't a True Scotsman though, right?

Though yes, Cameron certainly is a c**t of the highest order. Welcome to Cameron's Britain, fam... http://www.sextvx.com/en/video/510363/cameron-canada-wet-food-5-apr

It's a long scene, and I'm not sure exactly what minute she does it at, but it's in there.  I'm excited to see what Jordan Cameron can do this year, Tanny loved having Clay as his security blanket, wonder if he'll use Cameron as the same, assuming Cameron can stay healthy of course. NEXT WEEK ON RAW EVA MARIE V CAMERON 2 HOUR IRONDIVA MATCH Cameron, Brie and Alicia needed some competition. Thank you! I have much the same opinion about you.  I often find myself scanning through any MUSGov comments section to see what Cameron thinks about all this. Summer or Emma really deserve that spot. I'd even go as far to say I'd rather have Cameron, at least she's good looking. What a pity that you have such disdain for your civil liberties that you could care less about the surveillance state and the Orwellian future you're hurtling towards. Like I said, your ignorance is no excuse. You deserve Cameron.  Ferris Buellers Day Off. I'm a female so it'd be weird being a male but my girlfriends pretty and my lifes pretty cool. I'll finally find out what happens to Cameron and hopefully I'll get a car. Not bad at all. I was ready to upvovte you until you said you'd rather have Cameron.  

COUNT IT! Cameron was eliminated first on Tough Enough and still got a contract, so literally everyone has a chance. Sex tape with cameron diaz and jason segel The point is Harper wants as many debates with Trudeau as possible, because he senses weakness. Cameron was not as anxious to debate Milliband or any other opposition leaders.  Kirk Cameron. I just think he is a Ken Doll down there.  [James Cameron went that deep as well.](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2012/03/120325-james-cameron-mariana-trench-challenger-deep-deepest-science-sub/) [James Cameron did a couple years ago as well.](http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2012/03/120325-james-cameron-mariana-trench-challenger-deep-deepest-science-sub/) In the second Manly v Melbourne game this year Cameron Smith was penalized once, and the commentators were shocked that it actually happened.  If Jordan Cameron can stay away from concussions he's one of the most athletic TEs out there. With good speed and reliable hands.

Jordan Reed is speedy but comes off a little ackward on the field. This is how I feel. Cameron as a Whelan-style midfielder, Muniesa at CB where he belongs, and then a new RB, be it Wass, Trippier, or whoever else Hughes goes for. I don't think it really is. James Cameron just likes to take his time with his movies This. Cameron is the only delaying the movie for the writing process. Because it's not?

James Cameron has been busy with other shit, it has nearly zero chance of never being made It's all Cameron's doing. He wants it to be perfect, he doesn't want to rush into a sequel. He's going to take his time until he thinks he's got a good idea to make a sequel to top even The Godfather Part II Didn't you read what Billy said? "Cameron is not that kind of player"...

Just unfortunate for Issac that he got kicked in the face 5 times. Tough break chief.... I'm just amazed that someone still has Cameron Diaz in their mind as go to hot chick example. Tyranny. Plain and simple. But at least Cameron has the balls to say what he means instead of dancing around it and keeping shit secret like the US. Smart Home

WWE Promos

The young adult fiction novel adaptation trailer

Santa Traps

Blazer

any of Mike O'Brien's shorts

the *Wing* sequel with Chris Pratt

the return of Anthony Peter Coleman

the high school play with Cameron Diaz cameron smith expected to celebrate by bathing in kitten blood Can't forget the drama from the fact she is James Cameron's ex-wife either. Isn't Cameron making 2, 3 &amp; 4 at once?  It's gonna take time. I get band flyers printed out on the reg and I use Mikes Print Shop over off 290 and Cameron.  Fair priced, quality work, quick and easy.   Cameron is very much a perfectionist as a writer, he afford to take as much time as he wants. When you combine this with May's new Snoopers charter, the plans to restrict Freedom of information laws, and Cameron's incredible 'we won't leave you alone even if you are a law abiding citizen' speech, the UK is getting kind of scary.  Cameron took all the money to the bottom of the ocean. Wow! Interesting and terrifying! 

Also, isn't James Cameron the Prime Minister of the UK?  It's like saying James Cameron or Scorsese should do a Star Wars movie. I think the last movie Miller directed he wasn't the producer on was... Witches of Eastwick? I wonder if you're thinking the same thing I am?
[Cameron trying to pin Naomi on her stomach?](http://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/imported_assets/2383174/vXLEqk9_medium.gif) That Cameron Smith cunt escaped suspension!? Of course he did, The Big 3 are untouchable. fucken cunts! 

*heeyyy, wait a minute, this isn't the Triple M comments section. Sorry, I'm in the wrong place.* Ya, I'm shooting for Cameron. One of David Cameron's great-etc. granduncles.  I kinda see the resemblance. "Scameron's pocket" Don't be silly and go ahead and tell me that Britain would be governed just the same if Clegg got into power, than if Ed Miliband did or David Cameron. No, thats David Cameron. James Cameron went down there to study alien-esque life and plants for his movie Avatar Nah, David Cameron is the Prime Minister. James Cameron directed Terminators 1 and 2, Aliens, Titanic, and Avatar. Just judging from the icon for this post I thought that it'd be accusing James Cameron of it. I mean that eye really looks like one of those blue cat-elf things from Avatar at that size. Hey, [occasionally](http://i.imgur.com/E0xJwex.gifv) we have [pictures](http://i.imgur.com/Aunc5Ln.jpg) of [cats](http://www.afldreamers.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/CameronLing.jpg) too. Cameron drinks cognac from the skulls of sanctioned jobseekers don't you know. Only the Tories, and they are the only ones who matter if, as Cameron has said, this happens before the next election. Does Cameron really believe that a tree will continue to grow if you take an axe to its roots? 

I just don't get the Tory thinking here.  Obviously...and therefore the timing just after they can rule alone now.
It also is obviously cheaper to just Lobby Cameron then lobby him and several European instititions. you mean like in James Cameron's directorial début; the masterpiece that is [Piranha II: The Spawning](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piranha_II:_The_Spawning). Then it's not going to be difficult for you to reenter Britain. There was a protest last week against the govt and nothing terrible happened to protesters. You can say what you like about Cameron and his crew on the Internet, you'll obviously be fine. - David Cameron  Carswell is massive. If he could have Cameron in a fight, is it fair that he isn't leader?  Scotland is considered to have the same voice as the sovereign nations of Orkney and Dumfries.

Cameron then sneered "We'll drag you along by your heels if we have to, our 50 million outvotes your 5 million, that's how it fucking works, get it?." I wouldn't put anything past David Cameron at this point. At a base level, yes that is how it works.

It's not how it works well. Cameron was right in saying that Scots being able to vote on solely English laws breeds resentment. This would do the same thing. David Cameron is aiming to spend 8bn more on the NHS over 5 years but he is also aiming to increase the cover provided by GP's by 40%. I think something does not add up. So... I just won my first Survivor KOTR, really excited to see my rewards!

EDIT: Got an Eve and a Cameron. I probably would've preffered only one diva, but oh well. They made the Deepsea Challenge for James Cameron's dive.  51.6mm. I've seen kippers saying "Cameron will fix the referendum". Even they don't seem to be confident of a Brexit. David Cameron was smashing up restaurants at 20. 

She was making silly tweets at 15. 

Who is worse? Cameron has the talent, but Im worried he may have Jello Brain.  Risky pick IMO It really seems as though most athletes these days value fame and money over the integrity of the game. Hopefully the good karma comes back around for Cameron Peyton Manning

Phillip Rivers

Matt Ryan

Charles Woodson

Kam Chancellor 

Brandon Marshall

Cameron Wake

Russell Wilson

Jarvis Landry

... those would be my favorites. Ooohhh that's the best part. Before I came out to my brother I can only silently agree when he say Cameron Diaz is hot.  Great, more astroturfing by Dave Anderson lackeys! Go back to your hole!

True critics know that Cameron Martin is the greatest DARM-SUC, even when you take his lactose intolerance out of the picture. Seantrel Henderson shut down Cameron Wake in our first matchup last year. I'm not counting out Henderson from being a better-than-mediocre player, but the rest of his season wasn't great last year. Close up of Cameron https://twitter.com/Welshracer/status/600303817620627456 Its ok though, Cameron will fix this Ha, they think it's like that now, well just you wait! We've got another term under Cameron to see how much further we can take it. What do you expect? The First Minister to skip her Governmental duties to go and campaign personally? She met Cameron last week, I'm sure she will have mentioned it. 

Two MPs went, it's not as if they're just anybodies?  David Cameron: "Democracy is one of the building blocks of our nation... Unless that building block wants to leave England" They might as well have delivered a petition asking David Cameron to drag his testicles over Thatcher's gravestone. It's about as likely to happen. Cameron Johnston is a top-5 punter I would check out cameron court if you want to be close to downtown/glenwood. I think the will fall into your price range and have a full apartment.  Fuck David Cameron Every Thursday night at 8pm in Half Moon Bay [Cameron's Inn] (http://cameronsinn.com/events/) I dont really care if it was Cameron or SNP or UKIP or Miliband that did the most damage. 

Point is we're thankfully not going to have a worry about suffering another labour term for a very long time.  https://www.ted.com/talks/cameron_russell_looks_aren_t_everything_believe_me_i_m_a_model?language=en

Argue it with the professional model. Lucky genetics and photography tricks. [Like that time that Texas *knowingly* executed an innocent man](http://www.innocenceproject.org/news-events-exonerations/cameron-todd-willingham-wrongfully-convicted-and-executed-in-texas)? Cameron Newton, May 11th, 1989 - September 20th, 2015 /u/blueteamcameron Donaldina Cameron House - San Francisco, CA - Rooftop basketball court that was shown on the Pursuit of Happyness movie with Will Smith. 
http://imgur.com/S81tvEh He should learn to trust some medical laboratory scientists.  Or he can just keep Cameron running gels to find his all of his answers. What if Scotland votes to leave but the rest of the UK votes to stay in the EU? Does that mean that the whole of the UK gets taken out because of Scotland? No, of course not. I agree with Cameron here. ICE is fielding questions over at the Tor reread of OST - deadline to post a question is Wed May 20th! 

http://www.tor.com/2015/05/15/ask-ian-cameron-esslemont-your-orb-sceptre-throne-questions/ Care to explain this then?

http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/36db2y/has_david_cameron_defeated_labour_for_a_generation/crd7bhx As opposed to Cameron Diaz, who denies it. more or less than other countries? I mean, Obama's net worth is in the same ballpark as Hollande and Merkel, and Cameron's in an order of magnitude higher.  For what it's worth I reckon I'd probably prefer Bush to Cameron running this country. At least Bush was halfway likeable. Cameron seem like he wants to start a fucking class war. The man is a twazzock. Luckily he has Suh and Wake on his side. Cameron Wake will haunt quarterback's nightmares.

Unluckily he has to go against arguably the two best d lines in the NFL twice a year (and our front 7 which isn't too shabby either). A full season from Bojan and Muniesa would be a massive boon for us, although I imagine it would lead to us fending off offers next summer.

Get a proper right back that isnt Cameron or Bardsley in. Get a consistent goalscorer in. Get rid of Marc Wilson James Cameron's Avatar sequel trilogy will be hitting IMAX 48FPS 3D Screens near you in 2017,2018 and 2019 retrospectively. Thank god, both him and Cameron Gordon (especially so) were awful. Have no idea how NFL teams thought they were priority free agents. Yeah lol Cam Cameron thought we "Doubled up" and got our future WR and QB, instead of just Quinn. God what a dumpster fire. The only people that could be cut are Rosa and Cameron b/c they aren't on Total Divas anymore.

Everybody else has a spot and  won't be going anywhere. Brie got REALLY worse since Summerslam(and she wasn't good even there).

I think Tamina could be a decent wrestler if given opportunity. 
But yeah, most of them should be cut. Rosa, Cameron and even Naomi if you ask me.
 No, not directed by James Cameron I only see discussion about major blockbusters (except the ones done by Michael Bay and James Cameron) here. I thought this was where to come to discuss those movies. Didn't know you guys actually watched films here. You do realize that the Scottish government can't call a referendum and is highly unlikely David Cameron will call one? If the people of Scotland vote for a party (the SNP) that contains a pledge for another referendum in their manifesto in 2016, David Cameron will not simply refuse to hold another one. That is ludicrous; there's be chaos.  &gt; David Cameron has been putting together the most right wing cabinet we have seen for decades

Well yeah, that's not a surprise, it was also elected so... South park had an episode on this. The bar has been lowered too much. We need James Cameron to come and save the day. David Cameron has been putting together the most right wing cabinet we have seen for decades

Makes it sound like an ikea flatpack.

"Insert swivel-eyed-loon A into slot B, then tighten by turning rabid-ideologue C in a clockwise direction" I imagine Sally maturing into Cameron on Halt and Catch Fire. 

[](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/da/39/e0/da39e0b44f1097823bef893d8a5b84f7.jpg)
 I think Tannehill will progress nicely, he has the weapons where he won't need to force things and a good all-around skill set that just needs refining.

Having Cameron and DeVante as RZ targets is going to help his touchdown totals a ton this year also. No.  It could be directed by James Cameron, scored by John Williams and star Leonardo diCaprio and still no. That'll be the make it or break it moment. Not even Cameron really had humans and CGI interacting. If Warcraft wants to sell itself right, it's going to have to get that to work out. &gt; Progression of the European project

I read in a newspaper that we're getting an opt-out from that as part of Cameron's renegotiation. No more "ever closer union" for the UK. I should have figured this would be a thing, haha. Thank you for the link! Looks like the comments, especially Nick Cameron's, are already opening up discussions for some of my biggest misgivings! Larry Bird said WCS is a $100 million player, wont be there when the pacers are picking though. Ford tweeted that they are really high on Cameron Payne. Wouldn't surprise me either, Bird usually picks off the board a bit. They have Reagan and Thatcher. We are stuck with Obama and Cameron. I sometimes wonder if GGers watch [Almost Famous](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Almost_Famous) and get irate, screaming "ethical violations!" at Cameron Crowe. This reminds me of David Cameron's recent attack on "extremism," where he said we've tolerated people who follow the law for too long. Well, she might be looking for a new job here soon. They've already announced that both her and Cameron won't be on the next season of Total Divas.  True, but people like cameron are getting more and more under (domestic) pressure not to give in to any further integration. Ferris is who I'd *like* being friends with, Cameron is who I'd *likely* be friends with. I'd believe that alright. Most non sheeple know what the likes of Cameron are up to. Implementing the U.N. agenda 21 and such and the tories will tell them to fuck off because they have a majority.  I might be overly cyncial but I cannot see cameron letting this get anywhere. Good, because all Cameron's done so far is pass mass surveillance laws. I can't think of a single person of the 179 in the parliament who might be sensible or just conservative enough to wetshave. Sadly. I'm 99% sure David Cameron does it, though!  Definitely don't know exactly what we will get from Cameron, but I do have confidence in Sims.  Hopefully between the two of them we will be fine. i agree with the better pass D, but lost his primary weapons? 

* Lost: Wallace, Hartline, Gibson, Clay
* Gained: Stills, Jennings, Parker (R), Cameron

i'd say they stepped up the weapons this year for sure I guess this [SNL skit](http://www.nbc.com/saturday-night-live/video/office-boss-with-cameron-diaz/2830163) is the closest thing that I can find that fits this mind set Oh, I just meant in terms of familiarity.  I think Cameron was a downgrade from Clay, though.   ah gotcha, yeah i can agree with you there, especially with Cameron being more injury prone. but when it comes to the WRs, they made an upgrade for sure That was Cameron Crowe. David Cameron hasn't defeated anyone.  David Cameron just is.  And things happened despite his presence.  Cameron Dee, also goes by Embry Prada.  I'm fine with this, I preferred Rusev when he was dating Cameron on Total Divas anyway Yeehaw! In Texas at least they kill people before they get any media attention!

cough cough Cameron Todd Willingham cough cough I still don't understand why so many people voted to reelect Cameron. Another thing: Brett Hundley, Rashad Greene, Stefon Diggs, Cameron Artis-Payne, Clive Walford, Tre McBride are all Free Agents right now

I'm leaning towards acquiring Hundley &amp; Greene/Diggs/McBride/Walford for Housler &amp; Grice Seantrel Henderson vs Cameron Wake in our first game last season

Seantrel was a 7th round pick who started all year.
 Are you suggesting, sir, that David Cameron is a catspaw of the Benet Gesserit, and this evil plot will eventually bring about the Kwisatz Haderach? I would like to introduce you to Cam Cameron Just another David Cameron Ghola, until they succeed, He's Mike Cameron part 2, I swear... Cameron carter Vickers is going to be absolutely nasty in like 2-3 years. Cannot wait.  Thanks! Never considered The Abyss, love James Cameron though. Will definitely add to the list! WTF? I was talking about the UK..you know, the country where Cameron was re elected, the country where white people are native, the country we were talking about...

Why did you bring up Australia at all? I sure do agree, didn't see the DC cut till recently. For me , I always wonder whats inside of Cameron's head. DC cuts are great from him. I have seen the ones for T2 , Abyss and Avatar im not sure, me and david cameron are great mates!

...well sometimes he pretends he doesnt know me, but its just his banter I think he'll probably catch somewhere between 5-7. I think the targets will be shared by Parker, Stills, and Cameron. Honestly I love hearing "Hey CameronMcSwag, your hair looks nice today!" or "I love what you've done/did with your hair!" I used to have next to no hair, so hearing this makes my day and makes me smile so much!  Not with the addition of both Parker and Cameron. Those are two great RZ targets. You know Cameron is inside smearing through the window.

"Osbourne, fetch my Winchester" You know Cameron is inside smearing through the window.

"Osbourne, fetch my Winchester" Cameron is a great pass catching TE and a solid red zone guy, but sadly, I doubt he plays more than 10 games.  It's not going to pass anyway, Cameron just had to do it to show he tried. Christ these people are literally retarded. Feel sorry for Scotland.  Or even current day leaders, I want to declare war on David Cameron **Mob Rules** by Cameron Haley fits your bill, I think. 'Cameron's Britain fam' I like the fact that the two leaders didn't want a photo of just them together for fear of Cameron/Clegg parallels, so got their deputies to be in it too.

Bizarrely though, their policies sound ok to me in principle. Let's see how it goes, I guess...  I thought he was leaving the country if Cameron got back in? I would say to just treat them as normal and try to get them engaged in something, anything. Like how Ferris got Cameron to get out of bed and get involved in something other than his depression. 

 thats not north corea, thats the UK

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html To be fair the option of Devo Max was not allowed by Cameron because it would have won easily. However, I do accept from an outsider's perspective it looks a bit... whingy. [](/maud)Cameron is the worst pm ever
 No he isnt. Im no Cameron fan but i can name many worse than him. Your explanation for our deflation is moronic and totally wrong, people's real wages are rising not falling and the deflation is caused by oil prices lol shit yeah I should change that now I guess. Ummmm 

"I voted for a guy who eats bacon sandwiches weird but who didn't want to enslave mankind?"

Too many characters? THANKS CAMERON! So just a cheap workforce for Cameron and his rich friends? Are there perhaps more brits on reddit, since this is an english language site? I'd like to see more non-british articles, I've had enough of seeing Mr Cameron's face. David Cameron did the same thing with a [silver bike](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2009/may/06/david-cameron-bike-stolen).

And it worked!!! 30 and yes I am.
If you think I'm intolerant of others, you should try being disabled for a week under camerons Britain.  [Julia Margaret Cameron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Julia_Margaret_Cameron).  &gt; Camborne's

I thought this was some reference to both David Cameron and George Osborne but then I remember I used to live there... David Cameron the Impaler
 Jordan Cameron did the same thing two years ago against the Vikings if I am remembering correctly.  &gt;I've had enough of seeing Mr Cameron's face.

Tell me about it -_- Agreed, but that's the way right-wing politicians have always been, why should Cameron be any different? JoAnna Cameron We tried that in Germany ten years ago. "1 euro jobs". It was a complete and utter failure. Maybe somebody should tell Cameron. I don't know, he already has few sticks up his arse. Would that not make him David Cameron the Impaled? This is what I mean, this is the reason people don't vote and why the system is broken http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3085342/Stop-listening-insular-ruling-elite-help-poor-Cameron-s-ex-guru-Steve-Hilton-warns-Tory-PM.html That's Billy Cameron a Galway City (Labour) Councillor &amp; Post Master. Yeah. Because Cameron was brought up in such a place where he had to do this. False. Unless these drones go underwater, I don't see Cameron backing them. 

bhahaha... I agree with what you say, but I think you meant "those claiming to *support* democracy" :P

As nasty as this quote is, I don't think Cameron has suggested abolishing democracy ^yet Clearly you're not David Cameron.  Hopefully after 1000 years, we have technology to explore the oceans and map it fully.

Then again, we know next to nothing about the deepest part of the oceans, other than James Cameron can descend to them I'm on the fence about Thirteen. I liked her more than Cameron (Am I the only one?), but she got on my nerves many times. The whole Huntington's angle was overplayed in my opinion. Also I didn't like how they wrote out Kutner. That was...weird. Cameron from ferris bueller  I'll take it. Call me Latino Cameron. when cameron was in egypt land..... Cold and rain yeah, but hail? Whaaaa? Also now it's bloody boiling. 

Thanks Cameron! I definitely preferred Thirteen to Cameron, but yes she was quite annoying as well. We were not talking about the one Cameron talks about. -Choose a QB. Any one of the three will do.  

-RB Ezekiel Elliott  

-DE Joey Bosa  

-OL Taylor Decker  

Edit: P Cameron Johnston. Legatron is obviously #1 but Johnston is one of the best in the business. His name is Jaaames Cameron, the bravest pioneer! Reasons why it should:

Charlotte. Sasha Banks. Becky Lynch. Paige. Bayley. Natalya

Reasons why it shouldn't:

Naomi. Nikki Bella. Brie Bella. Cameron. Summer Rae. Alicia Fox. &gt;Jefferson Smith

&gt;Cameron Whitten

The O should have chosen a number less than 17. Choosing Smith and Whitten shows they really had to scrape the barrel. They aren't "fascinating radicals", they are self-absorbed circus acts. That would get us to the battle of [Camerone and the saga of Captain Danjou's wooden hand](http://foreignlegion.info/battle-of-camerone/) a battle still celebrated by the French Foreign Legion to this day. James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron  *David Cameron

Rockstar are a uk studio. Scottish in fact, based in Edinburgh.

'Murican's... Heh.

Please have a kid called David... DAVID CAMERON RUNNING SCOTLAND! PLEASE!!! Put it at the bottom of the Mariana Trench and wait for James Cameron's descendant. When you're rich enough to fund their political party and pay enough for them to take care of your interests. 

Kinda funny how in the UK Cameron mocks the labour party for being funded by a workers union lot of the time.  This shouldn't surprise anyone. The redrawn boundries will put some Tory MPs out of job, so there will always be some rebels. With the small size of their majority, there's no way Cameron would get it through parliament. "And that's why I voted for David Cameron" Hinrich? Cameron? Douglas? Tiberius? cameron is still too left for them *His name is James - James Cameron. The bravest pioneer.*  
*No budget too steep*  
*No sea too deep*  
*Who's that? It's him, James Cameron*  when I saw the name Cameron I initally thought that he was David Cameron till I saw the name James, but I will keep this dynasty till I get david then Annex them Nobody cares about your problems cameron RIP UK healthcare thanks to Cameron. Careful, a lot of people felt that way in the UK and now there's five more years of Spoonface "more cuts for the disabled!" Cameron.  Who's that?

It's him, James Cameron In some of those shots, she looks like a mix of Elizabeth Hurley and Cameron Diaz Add Cameron Johnston at P Kind of off topic but, whatever happened with James Cameron's plans to get into asteroid mining? Cameron, apparently.  And so can other people, James Cameron wasn't the first person to reach the bottom of Challenger Deep. The Trieste did it in 1960 with two men on board. James, James Cameron, the greatest pioneer! No budget to steep no sea to deep, who's that its James Cameron!  # [Removed from /r/worldnews](http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/36h0m3/david_cameron_wants_young_people_to_work_30_hours/) [Out of Date]

 Please don't use James Cameron's name is vain. The man filmed the movie 'Titanic'. TITANIC! James Cameron is hurting my non-James Cameron brain because he is James Cameron and I am not James Cameron. To an extent that is true but I also watched wrestling and women's volleyball both of which were exciting and completely difference from Cameron during a men's bball game. The only one that really needs to go is Cameron.  It's hardly The Independents fault that David Cameron doesn't photograph well, is it.  How much James could a James Cameron Cameron if a James Cameron could Cameron James? Maybe the US could nag Cameron to commit to replacement for the UK's Vanguard boats. Actually they should do that anyway. Also get him to commit to 2% of GDP on defence.  His name is James, James Cameron
The bravest pioneer
No budget too steep, no sea too deep
Who's that?
It's him, James Cameron
James, James Cameron explorer of the sea
With a dying thirst to be the first
Could it be? Yeah that's him!
James Cameron James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron. Because you're going against the anti-Tory narrative that plagues this subreddit. Common sense be damned, even if it's a good idea, if it comes from Cameron's mouth the circle jerk will *not* give him an ounce of credit. It's sickening zealotry. Tom Bombadil doesn't do what Tom Bombadil does for Tom Bombadil.  Tom Bombadil does what  Tom Bombadil does because Tom Bombadil is James Cameron.   TIL James Cameron is Kanye If you do the maths, the only reason labour and the greens got any rise in votes is because clegg. Glad to see Cameron got a full majority due to that Except Cameron would take the ring. Cameron - You are nothing without Naomi Now, as a N.Irelander, I've *never* been close to even tolerating Cameron - but *Jesus*, he's pushing his power a bit too much. Urge to get rid of this man rising. Ugh, I really couldn't stand Cameron. Maybe it's the actress I don't like because I can't stand watching Once Upon A Time because of her (and other reasons, buy her mostly). My [Theory](http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/32e5ew/in_support_for_mankar_cameron/cqamujb) on Mankar Camoran. My MP is David Cameron. I don't think contacting him will be very effective. Should have invited everyone from this sub to wack you off. Can't forget to watch Dredd afterwards and bitch about Cameron FUCKING Diaz in Gangs of New York. James Cameron will surely raise the bar of Scotland! His name is James, James Cameron!
The bravest pioneer!
No budget too steep;
No sea too deep!
Who's that? It's him!
James Camer-on. James-James Cameron 
explorer of he sea.
With a dying thirst to be the first
Whose that?
Could it be?
James Cameron! Just for the record: David Cameron is an idiot.

EDIT: Mmmm, delicious Tory downvoter tears! Cameron Intima.  I like bca Justin smith, totw Richardson, and m25 Cameron Jordan. Apparently, Cameron also feels that UK citizens have too many rights as well. Someone needs to shoot that bastard David Cameron. He actually want to bring back slavery. Well, worse than, slaves were at least getting food and accomodation, £57 a week for 30 hours work won't buy that. Did you read the article? It said charity and community work. I doubt Cameron wants another sports direct on his hands.  Did you also see the Scots Con poster van? It emulated their southern pals 'play the man' act with Milliband as Laurel and **Salmond** as Hardy. 

She's just  as Tory as Cameron is, I don't get the 'love-in' at all.  dae leo kept acting? in titanic he was really drowning at the end and james cameron was going to call for cut but leo said no this is authentic and he really drowned and died for his craft but did he get an oscar? no!!!1! Cameron was hotter TIL: Peter Jackson cut James Cameron's scenes out of Lord of the Rings Yes, people shouldn't demonstrate because it may, or may not, affect Cameron's  toilet arrangements. Well consider myself schooled. Thanks for the video. Never argue with James Cameron! [..Billy?](http://www.camerongott.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/FC-DottedLine.png)  This is true. I learned an important lesson - not to question Jim Cameron's script. None of us knew the line would be so memorable. Movie isn't that bad.  But that scene does surpass the movie.  And the "I'm Cameron Vale" got annoying after the second time he said it. Would you ever work with Cameron in the future? Some actors have said they wouldn't work for him again so I always found it interesting that you kept coming back. What a sensationalist title. The man has many equals, and many betters.

He has a long way to go before he steals the crown from Scorsese, Spielberg, or even Cameron. Christ, that's harsh. I'd say there more far-right lunatic trolls rather than conservative though, (and I'm not conservative, but I don't equate conservatism with racism though, I doubt David Cameron is going to tweet the word 'Nigger'). Fuck David Cameron.

Fuck the Conservatives. Cameron - do you feel pressured by the media to live up to your father's ability? 

Aiken and Matuella - do you think your injuries will affect your playing ability? Do you think it'll take longer to make it to the Majors at all?  Found Cameron Whitten.  Cameron Heyward is pretty under rated. It's just that the rest of the defense is so weak he can't get the stats in. Peter Jackson and James Cameron would like a word with you.  The spaghetti looked the coolest. Also 'Cameron' was funny. But it's cameron. She's not even on tv anymore I just read the same thing about James Cameron.  I liked both her and Cameron. Writing Kutner out was completely retarded, I understand that there was some issue, or he left, or whatever, but still. And yeah, it eventually just got to the point of "WE GET IT, she has Huntington's, move the fuck on!" I googled "Spoonface Cameron" to see if that was a common name for him, left disappointed, still don't know what spoonface means That sounds like a line from a Kirk Cameron movie. *gasp* *gasp* they're coming for me! before they get me, you must know Cameron is an Am- Cameronite detected. Also, while this cuts the defence budget, there is no net decrease in Government spending here. Vic Beasley, Sammy Watkins, Tajh Boyd, Cole Stoudt, uhh, Artavis Scott, Boulware, C.J. Fuller, Cameron Scott, Alex Goode, DJ Howard...that's just off the top of my head in a pinch. I move that we rename "Rosa Parks Way" to "Cameron Whitten better get his Way" [This actor](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/736/947/114.jpg) questioned the script and Cameron agreed the edit was needed. The right-wing media really took the piss out of Miliband's looks but Cameron looks like a face drawn on a thumb Cameron is an AMOLED TV screen? &gt;It's him, James Cameron!

FTFY 1. Jace Peterson (L) 2B

2. Pedro Ciriaco (R) 3B

3. Freddie Freeman (L) 1B

4. Nick Markakis (L) RF

5. Todd Cunningham (S) LF

6. A.J. Pierzynski (L) C

7. Andrelton Simmons (R) SS

8. Cameron Maybin (R) CF

9. Mike Foltynewicz (R) P James Cameron Aquaman confirmed  Former Raleigh here, Cameron Village FTW.  Right on the corner of Smallwood and Johnson.  Best intersection ever. Cameron is an ammhole? Daniel Day Lewis (great) and Cameron Diaz (terrible) in Gangs of New York She looked like Cameron from Modern Family! That was hilarious. Yeah I haven't been impressed with Cameron this season. I actually liked Bardsley better, but Trippier is clearly the best of the three Cameron has regressed badly. Both he and Bardsley ball watch too much I said it before and I'll say again: WB, shoot the action sequences of Justice League in HFR. That would be incredible. Learn from Jackson and Cameron and let Snyder improves on it. As much as I think he is cheesy they cast him great bc of the character being simply like Schwimmer in real life, it's like when Cameron knew arnold was such a bad actor and was huge so he made him a robot and the result was Terminator.  &gt; The poverty trap is a thing, and it's more than just a myth. I've seen people build it.

The bankers, the 1%, the politicians like Cameron who propose it.

 No wonder Cameron wants to scrap the Human Rights Act.  Sanders is indeed farther to left than Obama, but you do realize that most world leaders outside the U.S. are, also, right?

Outside of David Cameron, Benjamin Netanyahu, Shinzo Abe, and the cunt in Australia, most of the world's governments are Liberal. The Marianas Trench. Right at the fucking bottom.  You'd just have to watch out for James Fucking Cameron and his goddamned descendants.  As a big fan of Cameron Crowe and how much I enjoyed We Bought A Zoo, I am really hoping for this to be good.  Jordan cameron and cam wake are due 19.3 mil in cap hit next year with almost no dead money to either, we will be fine. Yeah I could consider the first two a closed James Cameron franchise.

The others just can't compare unfortunately.  Cameron I think would be better in the Whelan role in midfield. We need a new right back very badly. Pretty sure I commented this on one of your r/stokecityfc posts but I'd rather we take Wass than Trippier. The WW2 siege of Malta, too. Check out the book http://www.amazon.com/Red-Duster-White-Ensign-Cameron/dp/0553234919 and the story of the RAF Gladiators Faith, Hope, and Charity. You know they just re-elected David Cameron? Cameron is responsible for the network filters in the UK.
Now he even suggest that any publication should in advance be sent to the police. James Cameron seems like a glaring omission. Great photo though.  2008 was a problem because fuckers like Cameron decided to use austerity tactics. :( That Steph will make a second pro L Diva, will be an upgrade from my pro l Cameron His name is Jaaaames, Camerooooon, the greatest pioneer!

No sea too deep, no budget too steep,
Who's that!? It's him!! James Cameron! Her name is Rose and I think she's dead now. This photo is over 100 years old. Didn't you see the Documentary that James Cameron digitally remastered? Battle Angel Alita.  James Cameron can't seem to make up his mind what to do with this project. No ocean to deep no mountain to steep. Who's that? It's him! James Cameron! I like, 

* The Decade
* The Edge Corojo, Lite, &amp; Maduro 
* The Edge Counterfeit Corojo 
* Original Release Edicion Unica 
* The 1st 2/3rds of The Cellar Reserve 

I want to try 

* The Platinum
* The Decade Cameron 
* 15th
 Finish Terminator off right - a movie that's the future war - all out R rating like Saving Private Ryan / horror / action.

Directed by James Cameron.

Finish it right! Not blonde Cameron though. However, I did like the cockier blonde Cameron over the original brunette one.  I live in the UK, but I have always wanted to ask an american politician, have you been keeping up with the UK General Election? What do you think of Ed Milliband and David Cameron?  Yup Cameron is literally East Germany. 

This confirms it. Good job /u/This_Is_The_End  That's interesting, but I hope no one actually holds this against Cameron.  Came here to say: "not the worst thing Cameron has ever suggested" but you are absolutely right.  They got 4 million votes and 1 seat whilst that douchebag Cameron stays in. Scandalous.  If you had to be stranded on a desert island with Harper, Abbott, Cameron, or Bush Jr, who would it be and why? He won't last three months against Cameron in PMQs. Wrong guy. It's Cooper all the way or Labour may be facing another long stretch of wilderness years. This looks like a [Family Circus](http://www.camerongott.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/FC-DottedLine.png) cartoon. That's because Cameron has done deals with the lower powers. It's the only way I can credit his recent re-election. I know,

"Hey guys, as an American, please please elect David Cameron". See how far that gets you in /r/ukpolitics.  Jordan Zimmermann as least favorite.

As for my favorite Brave, I'd go with Cameron Maybin.

 How exactly is that a fact? Because David Cameron said so?

Would you like the long list of promises David Cameron made in 2010 that he broke? I really appreciate yours and /u/CameronThompson's input!   We've all been suckers for advertising. 

Did you listen to Cameron's victory speech? He's going to help the poor.  So they need 66% voting to get rid of her? Did David Cameron write the rules? New Pro V-1's or Scotty Cameron.  Ma Cameron's has a decent - if a bit small - beer garden upstairs. Though as soon as a single ray of sunshine appears, it's mobbed. You've got to be quick to get a seat. Wild Boar, The Grill, Ma Cameron's, Blackfriars and BrewDog are my favourite haunts. If I had to pick one, it would probably be The Grill. Why does everyone here hate Cameron? He's always been a nice face in the room. Also it's a little petty to put quotes around community advocate in the title, don't you think OP? Regardless if you agree with him that's what he is.  CAMERON BAE-BIN STRIKES AGAIN! Not only David Cameron. The people of the UK that have just voted for him want it too. That's it, I'm calling James Cameron. Yeah, David Cameron wants the youths on benefits to slave away for 1 and a half pounds per hour, but it's all those damned immigrants fault they can't find work! /u/LFCameron maybe edit the sample in the post? I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of people just copy and pasted from there. Cameron who? Body slam superstar ***James Cameron*** FTFY Is your dog's name Billy?
http://www.camerongott.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/FC-DottedLine.png I loved the fact that you said you wouldn't do Terminator 3 without James Cameron.  It really speaks to your character.

I also love the fact that he advised you to do it for no less than $30 million. To be fair, Cameron isn't the only problem. He's shit but this sort of thing has been going on in the U.K. for quite a while longer than he's been around. DraftExpress has us taking Cameron Payne in their mock draft. PG out of Murray St. who averaged 20 ppg, 6 apg, 3 rpg, and had a PER of 29.5. AND IS THAT MOTHER FUCKING CANDACE CAMERON.  CROCODICK's SISTER! They're obsessed with negative stuff and Britain. Today there was an item about Cameron from February. 

Anything other than that (like this) is heavily downvoted.  James Cameron found it. She looks just like Cameron Tucker when she gives you the stink eye.
 Ha ha wow I'm Cameron, I'm gonna add random compliments on every post I see for upvotes and not provide any help to anybody. Dude in the striped shirt reminds me of [Cameron](http://doobious.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/ferris_buellers_day_off_116.jpg) Well monitoring yes, but direct censorship was him. Basically GCHQ was monitoring what you saw, cameron is changing it.  Hoping I can make it to half of HBK easily. Do you think I could get Kane for fifty bucks?


[My RTG Deck](http://i.imgur.com/zKaMzhZ.png)
Dean and Zig just need to be lved up, and i am working on my second Cameron. The (Jeremy) Cameron-Cameron (McCarthy) really excites me. They could hold down the Giants' key forward positions for the next decade Or decriminalise and tax drugs. Then selling drugs will once again be profitable and David Cameron can force you to sell it or you'll lose your benefits.  Yeah I've seen that argument a few times, there's no way these companies will sacrifice billions of pounds of revenue for however many millions they owe in tax. Just need Cameron to strap a pair of balls on and stand up to them.  Wonder how he'd feel upon learning that James Cameron wanted to make a live action GUNNM/Battle Angel Alita at one point. There would be Riots here in the US if the welfare system was anything close to what Cameron wants to implement.  It is apparently in their manifesto.

http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/36h3yh/david_cameron_wants_young_people_to_work_30_hours/cre3owp?context=9 thank the neocons ... they fixed Harper into office in Canada, Key in NZ, Abbott in AUS, and Cameron in UK ... they are all expected to pursue more war in israel's interests [Linda Hamilton for one.](http://www.popeater.com/2010/02/06/linda-hamilton-james-cameron-ego/) She's in the upcoming Cameron Crowe film, Aloha.  Is that Cameron in the background? like David Cameron, they think it means 'lots of love' I'm okay with that as long as cameron stays as far away as possible  Yeah.  Fuck Cameron.

We had a 20 point lead with 11:30 to go and still couldn't break our @Cameron duck. I'm just waiting for James Cameron to reboot *seaQuest*. If anyone can do it, it's him. no that's all cameron's fault Cameron Wake is still a beast at 33. That longevity shows he's one of the best in the league. Cameron Diaz in Gangs of New York.  It was just a joke Cameron chill From http://www.reddit.com/r/LegalTeens/comments/36hgg5/cameron/

http://imgur.com/a/jWEn5 young people want david cameron to work for 57 a week and see how long he survives Best part is the guy named "Cameron Ling." A chi si ispira? Tories? Fitto il Cameron italiano? It was a "you" in first instance, putatively in David Cameron's voice, so I think the implication is either a) everyone, of whom enough of a proportion voted for the Tories to put him in power or b) specifically Tory voters. Either way my point stands. This picture of Calvin pissing on a picture of A-rod kissing Cameron Diaz at the Superbowl is REALLY popular... The article has been floating around in anarchist circles lately. Presumably due to David Cameron &amp; Theresa Mays recent comments about 'extremism'.  Your post reminded me of Dr. deGrasse Tyson when he made james Cameron correct the star map scene in the movie Titanic when he spotted it was all wrong. Cameron would have stayed in anyway, UKIP made no secret of their willingness to join a Conservative-lead coalition. Esatto. A parlamento europeo vogliono appunto aderire al gruppo di cui fa parte Cameron, invece di quello dei popolari europei in cui ci sta la Merkel e Forza Italia. Tony Blair 2... I...I mean David Cameron. The pussification of this country is nearing completion, and its only going to get worse with Cameron in charge. I've never been less proud of being English in my life. 
 Miami: Junior Seau, Cameron Wake, Ricky Williams

New England: Junior Seau, Ty Law, Doug Flutie

NYJ: Curtis Martin, LaDainian Tomlinson Nope. Cameron speaks the same way and I don't think the same of him. David Cameron probably, two politicians with one stone, banging. David Cameron... actually wait, then I'd also be killing the majority of the British public. I'm sure Cameron will be inviting them to campaign with him... This Regnerus fella sounds like another Paul Cameron... Georgetown IS great. Similar style destination to Malacca but better in almost every way.

There's also Taiping/Kuala Sepetang, Ipoh and the Cameron Highlands en route to KL. 
 Not as far as I know. It's just that James Cameron keeps pushing the release dates back while he polishes off the scripts since they will indeed be shooting them back to back. He is in them and they're filming it. It hasn't been in production hell. James Cameron is just really specific and busy writing.  B-b-b-but the Germans and French will stop buying Dyson vacuums and JCB diggers if we leave the EU right Cameron-kun? They will come around ...

http://i.imgur.com/UuNLIWB.gif
 David Cameron. Maybe try to turn him into a paddy ryder where he can be goal square when cameron comes off and can give mummy a short break in the ruck. Agreed on NC State, but I might pick Littlejohn as a close runner-up. It's amazing the difference in our performances when playing Clemson there vs at Cameron. And I still have nightmare about that 2009 game. Cameron will get around to it. I have tonnes of magazines referring to Avatar being dead in the water. He had been working on that since Titanic. But not right either.

It's like calling Barack Obama 'President of Hawaii', Xi Jinping 'President of Guangdong', Vladimir Putin 'President of Krasnoyarsk' or David Cameron 'Prime Minister of Ipswich'. I think a penis would just be interpreted as a vote for David Cameron. David Cameron's gob. So much hot air. Yeah, the Cameron studio does a phenomenal job.  I remember when it used to be $40 for a refinish.   Sorry not very familiar with British politics, but what about Cameron?
 I dont trust David Cameron to define the meaning of "community project" Don't really see what this has to do with Cameron James Cameron has been teasing Battle Angel Alita, not Akira.

Akira was attached to a bunch of other big names. Im sure [Cameron Todd Willingham](http://camerontoddwillingham.com/) thought the Justice system wasn't quick enough as well.  Basically it all comes down to how it feels when you stroke it yourself (heh heh) 

But really it does. Either that or Scotty Cameron if you want a brand putter to show people.   I'd make him Kirk Cameron's wife in one of his shitty movies.  Does it bother you at all that you're shilling for Cameron Stuart? As I remember you complaining about due to his opposition of 'that' variant cover. This is actually one of the biggest problems in our society. If people knew the real facts Cameron wouldn't be cutting the welfare budget &amp; we wouldn't be sleepwalking out of the EU.  Disagree. Not the LeBron of Rugby League you would give that to Greg Inglis, Jonathon Thurston, Jesse Bromwich; Peta Hiku or Cameron Smith before Jaryd Hayne People think James Cameron did Piranha II: The Spawning but it was actually the producer who did it. They left his name in for legal reasons. By 'David Cameron', I meant 'the tory government' I'd take her over cameron. Where's James Cameron to raise the bar when you need him?  [](/MIA): Wes Welker, Cameron Wake

[](/BUF): Jim Kelly, CJ Spiller 

[](/NYJ): Patriots Super Bowl Champion Darrelle Revis

[](/BUF) + [](/NYJ): Rex Ryan Fuck David Cameron. David Cameron. Two birds, one stone. Beauty of a gun blue Cameron there. "I hope you realize that many people don't change their mind. Some examples are Oprah, Condileeza Rice, and Cameron Diaz. People are different and there is no one life script so try not to dismiss other's choices so freely."  All Cameron is about is making the big businesses more money. It's actually a significant part of his party. Isn't that the party that effectively fucked Scotland by splitting the vote so that Cameron's party has no real opposition?  David Cameron's going that way too. Cameron is horrible on the mic and in the ring. She's a prime example of someone chosen for their looks and not their talent. But she is more successful than you and I will ever be.  IIRC Cameron was the 2nd of two fired directors, and none of his directed scenes made it into the movie. Crossing your fingers that children have been abused by David Cameron? I have an appreciation for David Cronenberg . I remembered the scene where the main character Cameron vale was chained up to the bed with a crowd of people just staring at him. That sounds pretty good then. I know decameron only does 2.5% with his passive, which is half a dot. And it also has the advantage of not needing accuracy to land. Do they show the brutal style of James Cameron at all? The stories from that shoot make it seem like that might've been Cameron at his worst. Isn't the UK instituting such a thing, since Cameron said "it is no longer sufficient to obey the law"?

Scary fucking times. So every time a serious crime is committed it's another chance for it to have maybe been David Cameron?  Steven Spielberg, George Lucas, James Cameron, and Stanley Kubrick. Is David Cameron's hair not dark brown? US president /= German President.


Similarly, the UK isn't Grey after the Queen but Brown from David Cameron With Cameron still campaigning to stay in, despite getting zero reform.

Top kek Find out where David Cameron will be in 24 hours time. I think it just depends on the light. Sometimes it is [light brown](http://edinburghflipside.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/David-Cameron.jpg) and sometimes [quite a bit darker](http://news.bfnn.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/david_cameron_0.jpg). It's health and safety gone sane, I tells you.  Cameron has promised to get rid of the "red tape" holding back businesses, so it'll probably be legal for 30 staff to share a bucket in a year or so. [What a tosser...](http://edinburghflipside.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/David-Cameron.jpg) very sad but true

which is one of the reasons why I think Cameron bought in other writers for the sequels, Avatar 2 needs to be an effective reboot to get people interested in the franchise again. Amy Schumer

Cameron Esposito

Sarah Silverman That's a problem for Cameron because he's left-handed... Well urrrr Cameron never even said that "Scotland is not a nation", it's just sensationalist crap. Gotta love those misleading polls.

Do you think David Cameron is:

a) Great.

b) A shape-shifting reptilian from the Horsehead nebula.

NEW POLL SHOWS 98% OF BRITONS THINK CAMERON IS GREAT! Cameron's Britain Danny Shelton has drawn Vince Wilfork comparisons. That seems about right.

Cameron Erving? Best things I've seen are one of the Pouncy bros. I'm very surprised the UK isn't a part of it.. No doubt David Cameron will drag us into it, or come up with something even worse. &gt; Cameron goes and offers Merkel unconditional support on her pet projects

What on earth are we signing up for here? I dread to think. Jonathan Stewart won't stay healthy and Cameron Artis-Payne becomes the number one waiver add in week 5. Haha wow I'm cameron and I can't make a come back comment that makes sense or has proper capitlization or punctuation. Well he's not wrong, Orkney is part of Scotland, Scotland is part of the UK, the whole "nation", "constituency", "region", whatever isn't important, the article is just being horribly pedantic to try and villianise Cameron.  Marios Peruvian - Saltado de camerones Looks like Cameron Dee to me  Hillary wins. Then get stabbed in the bathroom of the white house. Jeb marches to the white house with his army, but gets stabbed by a traitor. Cameron becomes unintentionally King after his wedding with Oprah.    
Oh, I forgot, lots of naked bodies. I almost bought one of those! I ended up with an old used Scotty Cameron but you did very well for a brand new putter.  Kirk Cameron in Left Behind. Whoa, wasn't expecting Dave Cameron there. Almost like a bizarro-hockey dream where the role of coach went back to the same guy. Bro do you even ~~lift~~ read? http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html I liked the prayer circle for Dean AND how legit your fans were @ Cameron this year. Fairly sure EA had mentioned before that top goalscorers are included in hero cards! Cameron Jerome for Norwich has been good too Production Hell is James Cameron's wheelhouse  That's not what Cameron and Hollande are suggesting. I think they are planning to sink the boats in port, or possibly rescuing everyone on-board before scuttling them. You are callously indifferent to migrants' lives. You should be ashamed. I don't see cameronac anymore haha he was right Some times I feel like the only person that doesn't really like Titanic, or Avatar, I like other Cameron films sure, but those two didn't really do it for me despite  the hype.  CAMERON Even Kirk Cameron in The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes got one wrong! Lol Cameron you downvoted yourself. And WELCOME TO REDDIT Still waiting for David Cameron to dye his hair Claret &amp; Blue in honour of his beloved Burnley FC. Surprising to see David Cameron didn't make it on there, he's meta isnt he? I guess he doesn't help the squad out at all Cameron won't change anything. He's newly divorced from the LibDems; he's going to do what the hell he likes and there is *no way* electoral reform will be on the agenda.  If we want change, we're going to have to fight really fucking hard.  Fat Cameron Diaz.  Its a crying shame what Cameron and his gang of privileged thugs are doing to British Policing. But hey, profit! David Cameron as a sacrifice  Go to /r/movies and you'll see the circlejerk hate for Avatar and/or Titanic (moreso Avatar). People love James Cameron's old work but not really his new work.  Seen this place before... I think Cameron Diaz got shot and flew through a window... Also the Fed dont want to do too much, because Cameron could make *more* pension reforms.

I can well imagine in 30 years the truth will out about how the Police pensions were brokered with the Fed and their pockets lined. Hint: It's not David Cameron Everyone also forgets Jordan Cameron and Greg Jennings are really on one year deals. I expect both to be cut next year. Dion Sims is looking really good and we have a trio of young WRs. I partly wonder if the fabricated UKIP civil war story was pushed to the front of the narrative to cover up something else - such as Cameron's failure to renegotiate a better relationship with the EU. Wait, are we saying David Cameron tricked GO into eating a hot pie? Cameron - Every boy AND girl named Cameron I have ever met or seen in the media have always been attractive.  I think it might be David Cameron. Check his comment history to see if there's any support for West Ham too. I've pulled Nattie and Paige from the board and got Cameron and Nikki from KOTR but no pairs yet [Got one.] 
(http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/320lpl/ed_miliband_overtakes_david_cameron_in_approval/cq6us9y) Yep, some were, just like the one in this thread.

 Mmm...nah. Not trying to downplay the importance of those issues, but economic recessions are far more likely causes of social unrest and we got through that with Cameron at the helm. The Sun is Eurosceptic.   It's been anti-UKIP and pro Cameron though.  Which side it will choose in the referendum is hard to guess.  I'd rather people looked at the facts though than just read the Sun's headlines.   3 tried to go back to 1 after we got Cameron's Vietnam in space epic. All those guys, but no MacLean? I wasn't a huge Paulrus fan after 13-14, and I think what happened under Cameron proves my point at least a bit, but I'd take Mac back ahead of Randy, Oates or DeBoer in a second

 I'm never buying a David Cameron again. /u/blueteamcameron

 This pair are basically the David Cameron and Ed Milliband of LoL aren't they. Fantastic at talking without having a single clue what they are on about!
 Ryan Cameron with that vocal inflection shade throwing I need Cameron Munster to start earning me SuperCoach dollars again, so I'm all for this "David cameron is bae" I like this Cameron Maybin fellow Such is life in Cameron's Britain. If Cameron balls out like I believe he should, I don't see us passing him up. What, Cameron? He's an asshole. In the tory manifesto they outlined that they wanted to put an immediate ban on all psychotropic substances, unless proven safe. I wish he would take a bit of LSD, maybe he would chill the fuck out for once. Cameron Wake has almost no trade value and trading him for a low pick would piss off the fan base. Would only happen in Madden.  Damn, Ryan Cameron's looking salty as hell. One theory is that Edward Wayne Edwards did it. Here is a podcast about it. http://www.blogtalkradio.com/dan-zupansky1/2015/03/19/its-me-john-a-cameron

He claimed that killed her, but these types of people have no qualms about making things up. Kathryn Bigelow perhaps? She directed it. 

She's also married to James Cameron, who's had some moderate success as a film director too. Cameron Mewton Ninja Turtle.  http://blog.comicsgrid.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/cameron1986aliens.jpg

Bishop this game. "Cameron says England is not a nation" so are you saying David Cameron also said England wasn't a nation? THANKS FOR NOTHING CASUAL CAMERON!!!!
 17,000 fighters from 90 countries....every single one a volunteer. But remember what Obama, Kerry, Cameron and our other wise leaders keep programming us to believe..."[none of this has anything to do with Islam]". That's Cameron's new favorite match of all time. What about Cameron Artis-Payne or Buck Allen? I'd be surprised if either Stewart or Forsett hold up all season.  [Cameron White dismissal in BBL.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHn0F5ThpgE) When Cameron Diaz in The Mask dances with Jim Carrey for the first time and she does that shimmy on him. I had no idea why it made me feel awesome but I loved it.  Seeing Titanic made me really sad that James Cameron didn't work on the Transformers Movies.  The Tories have a waifer thin majority, and electoral reform is only counter to their interests. Even if Cameron wanted to, he couldn't get electoral reform through without destroying his party. The great firewall of cameron! I guess Warthunder is also the proving ground for the special effects department working on James Cameron's "Avatar II"...

:-P This, and "For too long, we have been... saying to our citizens 'as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone'."

Cameron has lost his fucking mind. Cameron has stated this will be his last term. This means he will do whatever he wants because he will not seek re-election :( Yeah I'm all for hating on Cameron but he never said it.

Pack up lads and go home. We will burn him another day. Kicking David Cameron in his smug prick face. Remember when everybody said Cameron was tough and would get what he wanted while Miliband was soft and the EU would walk all over him? We shall see... Shit, that got dark.  I was thinking it would go down the line of them teaming up to find a way to stop it, but they end up finding each other instead.

Starring Cameron Diaz. Samantha Cameron is Samantha Astor. Look for John Jacob Astor

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_richest_Americans_in_history

 My freebie at SV was Cameron. I immediately wanted to toss her into the chamber but I held back. She still cant beat epic PP Natalya but every other diva in my tier is beat.  &gt;Then, under Cameron, the UK campaigned for lower budgets for all, and the UK contribution actually went up.

The contribution is decided on the basis of GNI and the European component of VAT. That's what decides the increase or decrease. [Night.Life - Arcade](https://soundcloud.com/cameron-tutt/arcade)

 
It's the first track that I've made that I even think is really worth sharing.

 I would love it if Cameron simply said 'fuck it, two fingers to the jumped up bureaucrats in Brussels' and actively campaigned to leave. Cameron just said in 360 he's giving him Grand final tickets Cameron is trying to explain this right now.. 11.05am.. on the BBC live from the Home Office which is going to be interesting… " the scale of the challenge … a real challenge…etc etc Cameron said his ambition was to get the immigration figures down to the tens of thousands… Way to go Dave. These figures are the highest in the last decade. That is roughly the population of Nottingham each year.  David Cameron is a cunt. Instead of addressing the failure we get more bullshit. The guy is a loser. He couldn't get the deficit down and net migration is 218,000 higher than his target.  If Cameron supports withdrawing from the EU then I'll eat my own hat. I think that they will just allow an exception to be made as long as everyone accepts the result. The Kirk Cameron cut James Cameron drove truck before he got a gig as a camera man. 

It doesn't matter where you start from, as long as you get started. Why the fuck is there a picture of David Cameron? ^(Well they came from Cameron. Don't hit meee.) Mathew Broderick and the actor that played Cameron were 25 and 30 when theh portrayed high school students in Ferris Buellers Day Off. I always hated how they did that in so many films. Great news, Cameron fails to deliver on his promises yet again Cameron at least does know this look at the stuff he said back in 2008 on the subject. 

He and those around him know it would cost them more votes than they would gain. And surely Cameron is smart enough to understand this as Juncker, Merkel, Hollande and every other major EU politician has said its not up for debate.

I think its incredibly naive and short sighted to veto something that hasn't even been proposed yet. No one really wants it to pass. It's just a way to eliminate Kukiz from autumn parliamentary elections, because that guy has literally no other propositions other than fptp. It's the same thing that Cameron did to UKIP by promising EU referendum. You don't have to believe me, but these woods/driver for instance were the Taylor Made TP versions, and the putter was a high-end Scotty Cameron. I'm pretty sure there are notably more expensive versions available as well. But the real question is, does it have the Cameron seal of approval? Cameron King has dreamy eyes That's the real problem...what the hell do the Tories actually want?
Cameron was indifferent to that question for all the times he just ranted against something I remember that yes, I don't remember everybody saying Cameron was tough and would get what he wanted. I seem to recall everyone saying Cameron would get what amounted to nothing. Cameron and Rajoy
http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/187114/image_update_3d47008165ed0ef4_1365420501_9j-4aaqsk.jpeg If I had to pick a film coming out during that timespan then it would be *Aloha* because I am a sucker for Cameron Crowe. But in reality I will probably be seeing *Mad Max: Fury Road again*.  French president is tanning to look more appealing. When the tan fades away he is just like David Cameron. Angelina Jolie is 39 and Cameron Diaz is 42.  Jennifer Anniston is surprisingly 46.

This isn't about all older women in Hollywood.  This is simply a case that *she* was too old. Hey GWS can we have a Cameron? &gt; So why bother with it in the first place?

Because it's a good political move for Cameron. He migth know any changes will not pass but if he has calculated proposing one would increase his popularity it's all good for him and his party. Nah I'm fine, I watch enough players without end product as it is. I had a whole season of hard-working Cameron Jerome, don't need more of the same. For example, lets say you're in a low paid job - you can then qualify for a range of benefits to top it up.

What cameron wants to do is make it so these can't be claimed before a number of years being here. "SMUG CUNT MONTHLY" .. each page could have David Cameron wanking over a poor persons face. he'll probably be extended then.  There's no way Miami is going into 2016 with Cameron having a 9.5 million cap hit Didn't Cameron back-up or support BP during the Deepwater Horizon spill? Didn't the British Government help set up in the form of the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company? I would say BP has had a long history of ties to the UK government (for better or worse). Cameron already waved around the brexit threat in Ypres a year ago in hope of blocking Juncker's nomination.
 You're not going to tear up an entire bloody treaty for the little things Cameron wants, and he knows that. We can get that through protocols to the TFEU, or rewriting the Citizenship Directive.

 They are avoiding taxes and national insurance whilst also being in the country illegally. It is also illegal for companies to hire them, if found to be doing so they face a heavy fine.

I am no fan of Cameron but he is right on this. What's that? David Cameron wants to ban Eastenders/Corrination Street?? *rioting erupts across the country* He also wrote a comic book sequel, being drawn by Cameron Stewart. Its not up to Cameron whether we leave or not...

Are you under the impression that he is a British dictator or something?

Cameron cannot "threaten" a brexit, he can "threaten" (not really a threat when its just democratic) a referendum. http://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/society/cameron-unveils-plan-to-steal-money-from-foreigners-2015052198493 Well, that's a right fine lookin throne you got there!
-Cameron Cameron needs to come with concrete proposals for what he wants changed first, his current vague proposal seems to basically be "we want the EU to follow our ideology". How many years is the UK trapped with David Cameron again? Best of luck I think the EU will want the UK to leave. For contrast I'd look to Cameron Diaz whose age is showing, but she's landing roles that actually play into that.  That's why I put winky face there mate. Because despite Cameron's endless protests that a vote for UKIP was a vote for labour, UKIP ended up damaging labour more than the Tories. Im going to guess Jordan Cameron gets the first TD with a short pass from the Passmaster  Impact Legend Cameron Porter - scores a goal, gets injured.

Kenny Cooper - scores a goal, gets injured.

Dominic Oduro - scores a goal, gets injured.

Christ, I hope Piatti doesn't score any goals any time soon. Those are the clubs I want! A friend of mine managed to pick up a set of them with a Taylormade R7 Driver, Big Bertha 3 wood, SM54 Vokey and Scotty Cameron Red X for £140

Bastard! Why the fuck did anyone vote for Cameron? He wasn't Health Secretary when Mid-Staffs happened, and the inquiry also said that the Health Secretary at the time wasn't to blame. So did Cameron. 

Burnham became Health Secretary in 2009. Mid-Staffs was pre 2008. Aston Villa isn't in London, David Cameron.  Yep, specifically one of Cameron's aides and advisors on internet pornography: http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/dec/19/cameron-aide-patrick-rock-in-court-child-abuse-images It is scandalous that David Cameron failed to get a grip on this problem in his first term.

However, it may be something that democracy cannot fix because its already gone too far. London already taken over. Ferris Bueller is such a funny movie that's also charming and sweet. Realizing what Ferris does for Cameron always warms my heart If Nicola Sturgeon is Robert Mugabe then David Cameron is Idi Amin - while we're making great leaps in comparisons. Cameron &gt; Cameron

thats like no help Jordan Cameron or Landry. Do you watch Orange is the new Black? Soso has an awesome interpretation on how none of it actually happened and it was all in Cameron's head. I think Channel 4 should make a new mockumentary called "The first 100 days of Tories"...

All they'd have to do is take the UKIP footage, replace the logo and switch out Nigel for Cameron. You wouldn't be able to tell the difference. Passos Coelho and Cameron.

http://static2.demotix.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/a_scale_large/1100-2/photos/1334790471-prime-minister-david-cameron-meets-portuguese-counterpart-pedro-passos_1163712.jpg How many local surgeries do you reckon David Cameron does? At least two, and apparently they are "regular". 

[source 1](http://www.witneyconservatives.com/news/david-cameron-holds-advice-surgery)

[source 2](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-oxfordshire-22127504)  Give unleashed Cameron a chance, I'm sure he's up to it. This is agreeable.


Signed, David Cameron, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Radioactive badgers perhaps? Chav ghouls? ^^Supermutant ^^David ^^Cameron? Cameron Diaz &gt;fun fact, Kirk Cameron after doing the Left Behind movies ended up becoming Post-Trib.

What does that mean? No it's Cameron, he could bargain 5p of a chair at a car boot sale NCO or officer?

There's a recruiter in Fredericksburg (they work nationwide but are based here) that helps place post-military Junior Military Officers in civilian positions. [Cameron-Brooks](http://www.cameron-brooks.com/). There are several who do CrossFit (which by definition means they lift weights). I don't know how heavy they go, as CrossFit programs can vary widely. Cameron Diaz, Jessica Alba, and Elizabeth Banks are a few I've read about. Cameron Diaz and Madonna come to mind simply because of their ripped arms. Is David Cameron suddenly playing matchmaker or something.

'Hey, EU, I know things aren't working out, and look that's my fault not yours.  But look I have this friend called Turkey'.

 Let's boycott *all* Cameron Crowe's documentaries. I'm not sure if that link is it, but there's a documentary on Netflix about James Cameron that is really, really good. Jordan Cameron, back of the end zone.  Allready been done to UK prime minister
http://i3.irishmirror.ie/incoming/article5512400.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/David-Cameron.jpg You're telling me James Cameron built the Titanic? There was 7 years between Terminator and T2. I am pretty sure that James Cameron will raise the bar again! I've learnt to never doubt James Cameron. Dude has made two 2+ billion movies. No one else have done even one. I can really live with Cameron being gone, but that means Vinnie's gone too, he's my second favourite character behind 'The Deke':( So Cameron is getting released soon? Sans Total Divas, I don't see what in the fuck she's there for. Send her packing and call up one of the divas with talent.  Cameron and Rosa gone?

Now as for their roster spots... Any Cameron Crowe movie really. I personally would have gone with Almost Famous first. i dont agree. it has consistently refered to the right and neo-blairites as 'modernisers'. this is the same paper who (fair enough) used to praise cameron, and endorsed clegg in 2010. What Cameron should have been is never brought back.   Cameron is not Alicia Fox's sister...that was Christina from that season of TE Throw Cameron, Mitch McConnell, and Ted Cruz in there for good measure.  I genuinely can't think of another woman who makes me so angry at the moment. God forbid if she ever took over from Cameron as PM. Well if she took over, the Tories will have no chance of winning in 2020, without Cameron's showmanship, they just look mental, imagine May in the live TV debates, would be hilariously bad, labour would win by default. You can't help but wonder if David Cameron is an Auton though, with a face that smooth... Economic success story, David Cameron rhetoric may do nothing.  I'd say she's very clever and is playing the long game. She comes out constantly with policies that would strengthen a PM if they were abused. Cameron doesn't abuse them, May is clearly in the running.  She's starting the consolidation of her power.  Everyone is slagging off the Tories. What's new tbh. Cameron has it coming.  Cameron Diaz hasn't aged well David Cameron on the other hand, fuck him. Having more countries in the EU makes further integration more difficult, which of course is Cameron's aim here.  Wider, not deeper. IMO, they take Cameron Payne. He's the offensive PG they're looking for. I think Mudiay falls #6 to Sacramento.  Ardent civil libertarians labour were not. I've not seen anything as bad as Cameron's we're too tolerant as a country and obeying the law doesn't mean the state won't interfere in it's citizens private lives comments though.  He's going to have better weapons this year. I would think he'll do better. Still has Jarvis Landry and now has DeVante Parker, Kenny Stills, (Greg Jennings), Jordan Cameron. Pero Cameron! QB:  Marcus Mariota

RB:  Gordon

RB:  Gurley

WR: Breshard Perriman

WR: Devantae Parker

WR: Kevin White

TE:  Maxx Williams

LT: DJ Humphries

G  Doesnt matter

C: Cameron Erving

G: Doesnt matter

T: Doesnt matter

With Chip Kelly as coach. If you want historic Cameron, before he was Tory leader he wanted evidence-based policy on drugs.  Cameron Crowe and M. Night need to be put down (career wise). The more movies they make, the more they tarnish their fantastic first films. The locals can be very cruel to the enlisted and military families. Maybe Cameron Crowe and company wanted to keep the movie light and fun. Kenneth Cameron. He probably meant the James Cameron one, not The Last Airbender. hahahaha awesome!  Good bye useless ugly piece of shit Cameron.

I really hope Rosa doesn't get released though.  Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain Cameron's Britain I guess Harper is hoping that pulling a Cameron will lead to similar election results.  I understand what you mean, but I still believe in Cameron, because he has track record of raising the bar in sequels. Alien to Aliens, T1 to T2. Avatar 2 might be something completely different from Avatar 1. Well that's not good. I've always liked Cameron Crowe. At a time where Cameron has to be able to come back with something usable from Brussels in regard to EU negotiations within 2 years, assigning a hardline battleaxe like May to Foreign Secretary now would in my mind appear counterproductive. Caroline Cameron is so very hot, sexy, attractive... Well, are you willing to discuss racism? And do you understand why Asian Ameicans find Cameron Crowe's decision to "whitewash" his film, racist? Kirk Cameron? I heard your government at least released number on how many people they spied on with the NSA together, is that true? 
Man I hope Sarkozy doesn't get back, we can't handle him, Merkel and Cameron at the same time...  They said on the ESPN fish or cut bait, Cameron and Rosa need to go, and honestly, they could do the BFF's easiely again on the main roster with Summer/Layla. I think they had a "Slayers" thing recently ,cant remember. Much like what you described above, in *The Red Knight* by Miles Cameron, a mercenary company takes over an abbey and fortifies it/bulks it up because of an invading army. Lots of cool booby traps and such. &gt; That's a whole one more than anybody else.

Can't you count? 2-0=2.

It's two more than anybody else. James Cameron's Titanic and Avatar are only movies that have grossed over 2+ billion dollars. 

Once You're Lucky, Twice You're Good. Meanwhile David Cameron is plotting to take all your freedom away because people like Mustafa are becoming too powerful. James Cameron is a confirmed pleb.  I've had tons of story ideas come to me in dreams. And the idea for Terminator came to James Cameron in a dream.  I was always bothered by this because I distinctly recall James Cameron saying they built a "full size replica" for the film. He would give a number, like 792 feet or something like that, but a full size replica of the Titanic would be 882 feet long.  I'd start by leaving the EU.

If this trimming around the margins with benefits bullshit is the best Cameron has to offer when it comes to reducing immigration, he's pathetic. Go home, cameroncac. You're drunk. 95 mario is straight beast, 93 cameron wake is a GOAT, Everson Griffen 93, JJ watt 93 can be in any scheme, John Abraham 92,  Here's to hoping it survives another year and no werebadger outbreak occurs! Good luck Toxiccameron! Parker and Stills on the outside(with a cheeky helping of greg jennings), Juice in the slot, and Jordan Cameron and Dion Sims at TE? Offense too skrong I don't get the hate for David Cameron in the UK. He seems like the ideal PM - he's socially liberal and fiscally reasonable (pro-gay marriage and keen on balancing the country's finances, for example).  Leads me to wonder how Mankar Cameron thought of the Princes, and how 'moral' the prince of nirn, Lorkhan. Avatar by James  Cameron  The cartoon or James Cameron's blue people film?  Cameron Crowe writes and directs films that speaks to me. There is a certain melancholia in the way he views the world that tugs at my heartstrings. I don't care what the critics say - I know Aloha will be good.
 Didn't stop James Cameron. [Here's the inspiration I mentioned.](https://twitter.com/cameronMstewart/status/599583885043879937) &gt; As the ramps fell on the first landing craft, Churchill leapt forward from his position playing "March of the Cameron Men"[16] on his bagpipes, before throwing a grenade and running into battle in the bay.

That dude was badass.  Cameron, North Caralevland. Claro, como buenos piratas que han sido, ahora lo llaman confiscar lo hace el pirata de cameron, no tienen sentimientos que lastima me dan. https://soundcloud.com/cameron-tutt/arcade

A song I completed late last night, I wanted to go for an upbeat chiptune/electro-pop type sound. 

The two main things Im wondering about are the EQ (is it decent) and if it is too repetitive.

  We're about to not have human rights, so I can see why Cameron wants somebody in the EU who'll agree with him on that. I feel that if The Terminator was never made film history would have been changed forever. It was Camerons last big gamble in his Directing career.  Cameron even mentions in an interview that he kept a gun with one bullet in his drawer, because as he closed in on release date, he started realize he just made one of the most expensive movies ever. And the movie is about love. And everyone dies. Proof that Cameron wrecked it, please. That's a personal observation, not a fact....

 That's a compliments considering the article content shows a pretty good picture for the UK. Cameron's Britain indeed.  You think she isn't doing this with Cameron's full backing? Actually no. The person in charge of the UK Finances is Geroge Osborne (The Chancellor). Obviously he is a close ally of David Cameron but David Cameron does not control the finances directly. Agreed. On a slightly off topic, I've really come to appreciate Dan Hodges, I can see why Cameron does now haha. He was probably the only major journalist who was calling a conservative victory and was completely right about labours defeat in my eyes.  She's really not. Boris would blow her out of the water in a contest, let alone the prospect of an unforseen candidate such as Cameron was in 2005. Cameron is pretty good at having others carry out unpopular change that he thinks is necessary, and then avoiding any fallout. If only a certain group hadn't put the tories in power prior to this election. I was no fan of the former labour government either, but after forcing Brown to resign and then jumping on Cameron's dick anyway, really - what did he expect? Cameron Diaz and Jennifer Lopez recently made romantic comedies, both over 35 (and their romantic interests much younger than them) "Britain is too “passively tolerant” and should not leave people to live their lives as they please just because they obey the law."
David Cameron.  I feel sick.  What is wrong with this country?!  Then why does David Cameron wants to see Turkey in eu? There must be a really legit reason. Se puede ser más HP!! ^^??

http://www.publico.es/internacional/david-cameron-convierte-delito-papeles.html :-) Agreed. We all know Cameron can't reduce migration - even if he wanted too.
 Poor Cameron.  Now I have to watch an episode of Spin City to cleanse my Alan Ruck palate. Cameron wants in to a free market but with no central political oversight. The more countries are in, the harder it becomes for any kind of political agreement over regulation of the market. &gt;David Cameron’s former strategy chief has claimed.

I don't think it's reasonable to take the it exactly as Hilton has suggested, surely you're not? Wel, that would be punishing British voters. Immigrants don't vote for Cameron. So no votes lost with this policy.  Cameron certainly does not want a Brexit - this would be his 'albtraum'. Blair's real work started when he left politics. 

He can get a meeting with the King of Saudia Arabia easier than Cameron can.. 

i don't think DC is on the same level.. and i don't think he wants to be.. &gt;Seems to be implying that Germany WANTS a grexit, doesn't it?

It implies that we have seen the true clearly only after ~~Brexit~~ Cameron casually with his announce for referendum showed that to us on full light. Cameron Wood - The official voice of /r/afl Look at that fucking rain, the ball must be more fucking slippery than Cameron Smith at the judiciary It's almost comedic when Cameron Wood gets angry. It just seems so... Unthreatening. Mock Draft Results: LeVeon Bell, Calvin Johnson, Randall Cobb, Peyton Manning, Justin Forsett, Golden Tate, Jordan Cameron, Owen Daniels, Sam Bradford, Lagarette Blount, Jarvis Landry, Dwayne Allen, Nelson Aghholor, Jay Ajayi, and Mason Crosby.  Right, like Dave Cameron, Boris Johnson, Nigel Farage etc etc aren't having their character assassinated daily....

This is a problem of politics in general, not just Chuka Umunna, and all sides are guilty of it I agree with this. I really liked Ed, and what he stood for. He's earnest and genuine, and I think he ran on a pretty good left/center-left manifesto. But David Cameron just knew how to win an election. Pienso que bruselas ofrecerá cuatro mediadas de esas de medio pelo para contentar a Cameron que agitará la bandera del referéndum, pero no creo que se posicione en contra del TTIP, (no caerá esa breva...) :-) Big shout out to Martin "Bucky" Cameron, then! He was the artist who came up with the TIE Defender's look. The design team just specified that we wanted to see what the Empire would do if they wanted something that outclassed anything the Rebels had. David Cameron did the same in the UK (dodge debates). It didn't harm him, and that's what worries me.  If I recall correctly, Cameron Wake was selling insurance over the phone before getting a job. Someone please explain to me how Cameron Maybin gets on people's radars and the top 25 winners all have him in their lineups. How!? Fucking how?!  Should be about Clair Cameron Patterson Cameron Guthrie you guys have a solid receiving corps man. hopefully jordan cameron can stay healthy too Difference is Chuka clearly can't take the heat, the others can, and actually when has Cameron had a character assassination peice done on him, it's his most powerful weapon being to slithery for that stuff Ive got a goldfish thats better than Miliband at politics.Having talked to it extensively,its also better than Cameron Labour lost because David Cameron is a good figurehead (strong, decisive, says what people want to hear) whereas Ed Miliband is not.  Also, as always happens in a 2-party coalition, people blame the smaller party for the failures. [David cameron is skilled at avoiding questions he doesnt want to answer](https://youtu.be/06520wqQV84?t=114). he lives by "Better to Remain Silent and Be Thought a Fool than to Speak and Remove All Doubt" I don't think many people have a problem with natural immigration.

[I wouldn't say that sentiment is only American either](http://www.latimes.com/world/europe/la-fg-britain-cameron-immigrants-20150521-story.html) The Cameron Crazies would disagree with that statement. Cameron Wake was an actual mortgage broker before he made it as a player. It's funny imagining a beast like that doing that kind of job.  Excellent, now let us follow David Cameron's latest great advice and let Turkey join the EU asap so even more illiterate people can come to our countries and claim benefits. &gt; Cameron Crazies 

[you cant be serious..](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=019GnaR9P0Y) Going by the most recent polling, a majority of us are pro EU. I think Cameron is as well, which is why he wants to pull the referendum closer to get it out of the way before opinion slips. Though I could be mistake.  Well to be fair the rest are at Cameron waiting for tickets for the actual Duke and Carolina game. Sturgeon did not want Cameron to be PM, or at least, she did not discuss any preference with the French-Consul as the leak suggested. Cameron Crowe's movies tend to be on the literary side and the military bases are undeniably the literacy capitals of Hawaii.  Yeah I mean, it's just the head of state and head of government. You often get David Cameron mixed up with the Queen, right? Nope. Sorry. I'm not defending Cameron nor attacking him. You made a comment that was not substantianted and relies solely on personal observations. 

 Alicia and Cameron are *almost* hot.

Just, like, a few miles away from it. V. similar to Cameron who is his true heir in politics. They both have that PR man style and box of tricks. The thumb of power, the rolled up sleeves, the sudden serious-faced statesman bit and the nicking the policies of your opponents bit. Better than Cameron Diaz marrying James Cameron. Thanks for that comment, dude. Who are you in real life? David Cameron? Why is David Cameron the current prime minister if that's the case? Or do I have to dump an Ecstasy/Cialis cocktail into the water supply so the chavs and Muslims breed out all the little Lollies? Best entrance to a film since Cameron diaz in The Mask Fake. It's a [well established fact](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/oct/16/charlie-brooker-cameron-a-lizard) that David Cameron is a lizard. Should've done David Charmeleon :D Grant Shapps was only dropped as a PR move. Cameron said once people has forgotten he's a fraudster (police's opinion not just mine) he'll be back.  http://whatislyme.com/

http://lymediseaseassociation.org/

http://danielcameronmd.com/ The Malazan Book of the Fallen by Steven Erikson and the Novels of the Malazan Empire by Ian Cameron Esslemont are you going to extend that to other things? cause you should know, that includes scotty cameron, vokey, ~~cobra~~(bought by puma in 2010), footjoy, and would you believe it, pinnacle.

in short, i would think twice about that. I was going to say this. Do you remember when James Cameron won the Oscar for Titanic? He basically got up in front of Hollywood and said "Yeah I rule, everybody else sucks!" And now everybody thinks he's a complete asshole. caddystash: 2013 CLUB CAMERON headcover for $64.99


**This is a deal?** tbf Cameron's been known as an asshole *way* before Titanic.   Yeah, only concerned about themselves. They didnt even think about saving everyone else. Might screw James Cameron in the future but hey, its only money. The ones which haven't been recovered are typically too far below the surface to be reachable without special equipment. So unless James Cameron finds a nuke we're probably quite safe. Not just the US, though. The current crop of European, Canadian, and even Chinese and Russian leaders have been persuaded, too, at least on the economic front. Unless you're willing to no true Scotsman away Merkel and Cameron as honorary Americans... &gt;it almost certainly won't make more than the first

I personally disagree. Doubting James Cameron is never a smart move.  Cameron actually had a nice bit in his AMA about his preference on hiring stage actors when doing a lot of green screen work. I imagine Cameron also thinks a Brexit would be a nightmare - he and his party might have planned the referendum but he's almost certainly going to be campaigning to stay in. It's a vote to appease UKIP and the Eurosceptic faction of his party. I was at the game.  Left near the end of the first, when it was 27-0.  I still kick myself for leaving what became an incredible Manziel/Cameron showdown. Cameron preparing ''brexit'' and pushing for turkey to join europe? Laughable [Let my Cameron go](http://i885.photobucket.com/albums/ac57/gifgiving/FBDO10.gif) Cameron Jordan and Rubin TIL Cameron wasn't his first name. Derek Cameron Wake.  cute: http://www.vporn.com/big-boobs/cameron-cain-pov-fuck/186994/

slut: http://xhamster.com/movies/637748/cameron_gets_two_dicks.html Neither was Cameron Wake at one point. Went to the CFL, now look at him. &gt; Cameron is a box office magician.

Without question. You could claim Titanic was just a fluke but he pulled off that magic again.

I honestly have no idea how he does but he does it. First go through or rewatch?

Also, if you haven't already watched, definitely give Farscape a go. It's what the actors who play Cameron Mitchell and Vala were on before sg-1.  Jordan Cameron who can produce over the middle too. I'm torn between Ripley and Sarah Connor.. both creations of James Cameron. He really likes strong female characters What is with the circle jerk of hating Scotty Cameron shit on this sub...  At first I thought you meant hit girl.  I was like you know she was like 12... then I realized you meant Cameron Diaz. Completely forgot Cameron signed there too. How would you rank all of them? Your analogy is valid to whether *UKIP* would shut up (like SNP, an  independence-themed party), not to Cameron's authority in his own multi-issue, multi-stranded Conservative party. David Cameron is the prime minister of the UK  &gt; I had the success and I said to myself 'this Cameron guy is doing better than Derek,'

This is fantastic.  Well Cameron had 37% of the popular vote. Harper is at 30-31% right now, of course he can recover but not due to a three-way split, I think. Achieving a majority with less than 37%, was it ever done in Canada? I would gladly, straight up, take Owen Daniels/Witten/Fleener/Cameron/Ertz/Bennett over Julius Thomas. I'm not sure I can totally get behind the argument that James Cameron's *Avatar* qualifies as information. I have never seen people hate on Cameron products on this sub. Bitch about the price? You bet, but I've never seen people trash the product.  same name, different people.  

[cameron strang](http://www.wmg.com/management/cameronstrang) of time warner  
[cameron strang](http://www.cameronstrang.com/) of Relevant

 Cameron Diaz Yeah, there's no denying Cameron's box office powers. But a billion dollars from the domestic box office is a lot to ask for, even for him. Just imagine Landry underneath devante taking a deep slant and stills over the top, Cameron up the middle and Lamar miller as a check down.   I suspect that flash came from Ridley Scott. 

James Cameron could easily have screwed things up in the sequel, but he did just as good a job.  And you think it didn't deserve it? James Cameron spent more than a year developing a new capture technology and the movie looks beautiful. If you look up the word "Ratchet" in a dictionary, there's a picture of Cameron underneath it. Wet brain Cameron over JT? No thx. No, no, Cameron is "boughetto" according to Alicia Fox, at least. More like Cameron starts on plan to convince British people he's actually going to get a deal.  Jesus christ. WHO cares! People will watch this either because they want to watch the latest Cameron Crowe film or because they are fans of the actors. I doubt many people will be counting the number of asian-american people on screen. James Cameron. Scotty Cameron really is best at marketing and creating a buzz about his putters and accessories.  

His putters are fine, but there is no best of ANY club.  Everything these days can compete and will perform solidly.  Find what you like the best.   As far as I know PM Dave Cameron of England got elected with a majority and he didn't go to all or any debates. Reform-Alliance Conservative Harpers advisors are going to try the same tactic. What has Reform-Alliance Conservative Harper got to lose. If someone asks the question "What does the entire Avatar movie look like and sound like?" then James Cameron's *Avatar* would be a very informative answer.
  since cameron won the electon a few days ago he isnt going to be leader of anything anytime soon next election he most likely wont even be standing....but boris never ceases to entertain and that was such a great moment If Cameron gets his way over hear in the UK... ENCRYPTION! Salmond asked for devo max on the ballot but Cameron refused it Saw Dave Cameron on Fangraphs mention the A's Josh Reddick as a potential target for the Cubs to replace Cogs in LF.  Personally, I really like it.  Reddick can mash and the Cubs have really good depth in the inevitable case of injury. Cameron quickly tried cooking with rhubarb and castor oil.  Just as quickly,  he found he had made a grievous mistake and would come to regret that catastrophic decision.  That's the max sentence available for a white man in Cameron Park. Julio Jones,  Jordan Cameron, Gerald Mccoy Norv was calling the plays for his tenure here. Cam Cameron under Marty.  Cameron park is great, the lake is cool too. Cameron if the same pizza in California costs $16.99, and it costs here £18 which is $29, you do understand that this is still $11 more expensive for UK people yeah? On occasion she has, but it's mainly Divas like Summer Rae, Emma, Alicia Fox, or Cameron. Yea, Thanks Obama!  I mean Cameron! &gt;meat-mouth galore

Flashbacks to covering selections from *The Decameron* in a history of literature course. Anything by James Cameron except for The Terminator. What would Kurt Cameron do? LOL! I do that Cameron Diaz thing all the time, except it's like, "Thirty-three... Thirty-four. Thirty-three... Thirty-four." (Because of the baby, obviously.) That's a pretty good one!

Never have I ever seen James Cameron's *Avatar*. Kirk Cameron... And the dad did basically exactly what Kirk Cameron would do... Go to church elders :/ No no, for the "standard" WITB, you must place your Scotty Cameron in the umbrella holder. James Cameron? Titanic

Why the fuck did I have to watch cliches for an hour and a half before the boat starts sinking?

Best Picture? Go fuck yourself James Cameron.  hey im cameron-pc the server was going a big laggy and I timed out Mad Max - Mel Gibson, Steve Bisley, Hugh Keays-Byrne, David Cameron? True, but Cameron's going to have to be thrown out of office for them to really be taken seriously at this point. David Cameron is coming for you Yes. But, I can hardly see Cameron's government putting forward such a law. Let's hope, eh?

Edit: saying this, I used to volunteer at a soup kitchen, and they did receive unwanted food from the local Sainsburys. Mainly donuts and such. Where does he fit in alongside Cameron, McCarthy and Stewart though? Not if one of them leaves......

I don't think Cameron, Patton or McCarthy will be going anywhere, but there's a chance fringe players like Stewart or even Tomlinson might start to look elsewhere for opportunities.  What the fuck was that Cameron The hate crime (thought crime) laws in the UK I would not be at all suprised if this is exactly what happened. Cameron wants to ban certain speech and thought arbitrarily deemed "extreme". GWS should be aware Cameron and Betts can't kick a goal from 45 out. Anything with Kirk Cameron. It's Cameron's Britain bringing them to account... The camerons have been doing that for each other all season so great to see That's what happens when you give command to Cameron Frye. Dude's hard on transportation. When 1 in 5 pupils in secondary school speak English I struggle to disagree and I really hate Cameron, he's a proper cunt.  at least we've kept Jeremy Cameron relatively quiet. It took James Cameron 3 hrs and 30 mins to depict this. IIRC, in b-canon (the only canon we have that discusses the Ent-B at length) Captain Cameron was not in command of her when she was lost. Well first some people had to get drawn like French girls. If James Cameron weren't such a depraved pervert he could have sunk the thing in like 10 minutes! True. Foreman do an MRI, Cameron do an LP and Chase, check the guy's car for other monstrosities.  ..Cameron? She's also in 'near dark' with the actor that plays bishop. Vampire film by James Cameron wife at the time. - Till he married Sarah Connor Loads of people on the far right hate Cameron. Every RtG Pro from Hart on, WM Pro Rollins and Swagger, SV Fusion Pro Reigns and Bryan, the rest of my male deck are upper tier SV Pros (lowest one is Yokozuna). Divas are WM Pro Cameron, Fusion Pro Bella, SV Pro AJ and Naomi. Cameron King is on the bench, so we'll see what happens there. Cameron king Cameron king wearing 19 Even James Cameron would be impressed with this. Oh, nice, I've been following that a bit on the news, as a young English person it's just nice to see a vote go the right way for once! (grumble, David Cameron, grumble) "There's no need to stop the game then" It's official guys, this is the first ever legitimate call ever made by Cameron Ling on channel 7 Surely Cameron is the best "Diva", if we're going with the traditional meaning of the word. 

Nicki isn't even the best at being a vapid, unlikable personality, so we can probably safely ignore this opinion about her being "the best".  This is great, but we should wait until the official count. Polls said Cameron would lose and he won. So hold your breath. Still, I'm pretty positive about the outcome. This didn't reveal anything new about *Cameron's movies. Yeah, they tend to be an insular lot.

Still, 46K from a country they CAN control immigration from, what on earth is Cameron playing at? He's clearly not serious about reducing immigration. [**album**^+41](http://imgur.com/a/FI9Xz) ^\[[**post**](/r/nsfw_sets/comments/35tzjz/photodromm_cameron_rooms_2_42/) ^by ^/u/r_fappygood\] [Been working on [planetary atmospheres in Space Nerds In Space](http://i.imgur.com/UWnbHES.png), which is a multiplayer networked starship bridge simulator.

[SNIS](http://smcameron.github.io/space-nerds-in-space/) Not by a country mile. Nikki is just slightly above Cameron, Dana Brooke, Eva Marie etc. but certainly not better than Paige, anyone on NXT or even Naomi &gt; Within hours of the leak, the general consensus seemed to be shifting from the note being falsified (which as it turns out isn't true)

So it was true, she did say that she preferred David Cameron? They play these games now. It's the start of a managed dialogue that will end with no referendum necessary. Cameron will tell the electorate, I have got the UK so many concessions, there is no need for a referendum. Can you remember last year when David Cameron went off to India. The Indians thought he was going there to negotiate trade. Dave told them he was not allowed to. That they had to talk trade via the EU. They were utterly baffled and disappointed.  David Cameron or Justin Trudeau have my vote. Security doesn't seem that much better now:

http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/oct/27/police-david-cameron-jogger-security-breach-criticism Just Rosa and Cameron.

They are no longer on Total Divas so they have no other use outside of that right now.

Everybody else has a spot on the roster Rosa, Eva, Cameron, fandango, Adam rose (unless he takes up a bounty hunter gimmick), big show, miz, slater, Los manidors, gold dust to be a NXT trainer, axel, jack swagger, jerry lawler, also Emma. cool cool, 

its at Villa d'Este too 
https://www.facebook.com/ScuderiaCameronGlickenhaus/photos/pcb.1045792312115908/1045792192115920/?type=1&amp;theater
 Rosa, Cameron and the Matadores for sure. Slater and Swagger don't really hold a place on the roster anymore either. Stardust, Fandango and Ryder are the new go-to jobbers. Cameron Wood got so frustrated that he slammed Selwood into the ground.  Los Matadores, Adam Rose, Cameron, Fandango. Zack Ryder - (Unless they decide to do something with him),

Heath Slater,

Jack Swagger,

Cameron,

Layla,

Rosa Mendez.

**EDIT:** Los Matadores, Hornswoggle and El Torito Richard Cameron White. Feel free to call me Cam.  Definitely Cameron, I'm also betting that Ryder and Slater go.  Longshots but still possibilities are Axle and R-Truth. If you've seen fireproof (don't watch it unless you're into watching Christian propaganda films for laughs), he's the equivalent to Kirk Cameron's black friend. Or down a few notches from Morgan Freeman when he played God in the almighty series. &gt; Mr Cameron said he had been "picking up a few bits of salad"

What the FUCK are you SAYING, Mr Cameron? 

The man really does talk like an alien. What the FUCK?

I know Manchester is a shitstain, but damn. I guess wanting to understand what your classmates say is a bad thing? Maybe Cameron is right about the UK needing less tolerance. Universally ITT: Rosa and Cameron!  Landry, Cameron, Stills, Parker, Jennings 

I'd be cautious picking Cameron up. He could get a concussion on a merry go round at this point and Miami didn't use their TE a lot last year fantasy wise, but I'm sure they'll work Cameron into the plan None of the ones I know did *shrug*.

The election was definitely not fought hard enough, Cameron was routinely criticised for it. Where I am if anything goes wrong we blame the tories. Break your leg? Those damn tories, Blue screen of death? I blame Cameron, Shut your coal mines? Those fucking tories! Well actually the last one was their fault I imagine who made Cameron's suit would vote Labour, but they can't, because they're 7 and not old enough. They probably sold the Royal Mail to say they chipped in for Thatchers funeral.

Cameron: Here's the money
The rest of us: It's a bit late now Dave.

Edit: Just adding something I missed Snoop went to the same high school as Cameron Diaz. Cameron wake will set the season sack record.  Linkto his last words.  https://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/death_row/dr_info/willinghamcameronlast.html The website its self  is pretty interesting.  I imagine Cameron gets his main suits tailored somewhere in the City, either by the owner of the shop himself or by an apprentice, and they are relatively well compensated for their work.   Britain already has a rainbow, Cameron just locked it in the cellar of Number 10. I can totally see how scoop@theguardian.com could be mistaken for david.cameron@gov.uk by a harried Bank PR person except Cameron has a lot less testosterone. &gt;Cameron wake will set the season sack record. 

/u/standdown I think most of us would prefer him to David Cameron. Sounds like a worthwhile and reasoned response to /u/cameronbates1. The wife (mother of the children) says he told her that he did it. He was guilty. http://www.dallasnews.com/news/state/headlines/20101006-Ex-wife-says-Cameron-Todd-Willingham-6640.ece   Because of its depiction of Middle Eastern Terrorists. The movie is pre-9/11, so I doubt Cameron's loony non-satirical depiction of them would fly today in such big budget action flick.  I actually have a Scotty Cameron American Classic blade (basically a mini golf putter) so I can switch min round if I want.  American here...

Who is David Cameron? Explains why you re-elected David Cameron. "Laugh"? You think it's funny that David Cameron singlehandedly ruined a custom of which our country could be proud? And after the event an army of bootlickers tries to cover it up and rewrite history? There won't be enough spots open at the same time for the big four to come up at the same time unless the Bellas leaving and Cameron and Rosa being fired happen suspiciously at the same time. * Based Cara
* ironic ian connor
* rare pepe
* silly cameronsupreme

mods pls deliver Snoop did go to the same high school as Cameron Diaz at the same time.  I don't think they have scruples I think everything is calculated to benefit the establishment. That memo benefited the tories, they probably got the go ahead to publish it from Cameron himself.  holy shit, we need a cameronsupreme flair Exactly why I have Cameron Payne going to the Knicks at 4. Great movie! funny, action packed, incredible cast of actors. Definitely a James Cameron film.
 From all the news surrounding Aloha it sounds like it's pretty bad. Although the trailer looked really good and it is Cameron Crowe film so I'm gonna see it anyways. I still have hope that it's gonna be really good. I've watched that highlight so many times.... Idk how I feel about Jordan Cameron but I feel like we should've kept Clay. Dude played hard when he wasn't hurt.  [James Cameron summed it up perfectly here](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0111503/trivia?item=tr0736121) Rosa, Eva Marie, Los matdors, the ascension,  Jack swagger, hornswaggle, Cameron, Erick Rowan http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Todd_Willingham If they do this, they will have to get rid of the divas in the division, starting with The Bellas, Cameron, Naomi, and Rosa My instagram is @cameronbrisbane, there's a nice area on the way down to the Hydro and SECC where you can get shots of the bridges and there's sometimes skateboarders there doing their thing Wait they allowed his type on a building with Cameron Diaz? The shame!! He leaked a memo. If Salmond got his hands on some dirt against Cameron do you think he would do the honorable thing?

These things happen [David Cameron was right about one thing.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yELHemcQn10) you guys are making cameron look good We're definitely hoping it was a fluke, that's for sure. Our front office seems to think so, they passed on Cameron Erving in the 1st to grab a corner Yes, it's Cameron's fault.  Cause Blair and fat Voldemort did such a good PR job. if its a choice between him and cameron then yeh but overall no
 Exactly. Cameron won't have to bend over for backbench Eurosceptic Tories to get his version of the referendum through.  cameron who? James Cameron gave this treatment to Alien as well That's a good point. Did Cameron do all of them?  Sound garden. Super unknown. Matt Cameron's drumming is subtle and complex He also did Aliens.

James Cameron is the master of making an popcorn-chomping action film out of a serious film. Sir, I hand it to you. A very good final point indeed. Its possible I am being paranoid. 

My thinking was that a leak like this would at least look like the BOE was preparing for an exit, which would in turn strengthen Cameron's position.  Probably. They did the same thing in James Cameron's Avatar, where all the practical vehicles lack glass -- it prevents reflections during filming, and they CGI the glass into place during post.  [His name is James Cameron the bravest pioneer!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hddYB-FbD5M) James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron IS James Cameron.  Cameron is so tight, that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, and twisted, you'd have a diamond.
 Are you guys talking about James Cameron? I know him! Big guy, eight foot ten, roundabout 450 pounds.

Has a nail on his penis. Don't worry about it. People are pretty pissed over here because David Cameron got to sit his iron throne once more and fuck all us little people. Samantha Cameron and Boris Johnson? &gt;When is David Cameron going to learn that when you win a referendum with scare mongering and lies people realise afterwards then feel cheated and the issue isn't put to bed?

The In campaign for the EU referendum rings a bell here.  [Relevant](http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/36twyw/official_discussion_tomorrowland_spoilers/crh2e15)

Honestly, I think that it'd be cool to see Cameron Crowe do the next one.  Doesn't James Cameron take roles just to satisfy his personal interests, like the deep sea and cave diving? Also, now that I'm thinking about Cameron, isn't Avatar more or less another example of that kind of movie? Zombie cameron Avatar (James Cameron) is incredible while high if that's what you mean. Just give me Cameron  Power flickered off for a minute at (roughly) Cameron and 51st. Power is back on. *crosses fingers* 78752 - Cameron and Anderson, just loud thunder but no power anomalies. Cameron Carter-Vickers and Christian Pulisic I just want James Cameron to make Prometheus 2 and David Fincher to make the third. Keep up the cycle. Here is a song I was working on today for a minute! 
https://soundcloud.com/cameronfrittz/0528-cameronf 1. not "just to..." but it plays a strong role 2. yeah avatar fits as well considering cameron spent years literally inventing the tech to make the film.  I mean. . . James Cameron also wrote _Titanic_, _True Lies_, and _Piranha Part Two: The Spawning_, ya know?   James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does because people expect him too, James Cameron does what James Cameron does because he IS James Cameron.  Just won a SV KotR (My first SV Champion). Pulls were SV Rock (for a pair) and SV Cameron which makes my roster since I don't have any Leg PP Divas knight and Day with Cruise and Cameron Diaz. OMG WTF?!?! I wish I can say I never saw this shit ever. And I even saw Gigli and thought i was ok in a bad sort of way. But this movie proves that Cruise didn't read the script before saying yes. James Cameron  Cameron Crowe I really liked it back when it came out for being different.
It's definitely not your usual genre pic.  I thought John
Cusack's puppet nerdery was hilarious.  I also liked Cameron Diaz
looking harried, fatigued &amp; irritated amidst all her animals. http://www.tdcj.state.tx.us/death_row/dr_info/willinghamcameronlast.html

his last words *I work for the Boston Globe and you have NO idea how close you are too a new show coming in 2016.

You smart little James Cameron you! :)  Ping G5i Mini C Putter.  Will soon be a Scotty Cameron, last upgrade I have left.   I always thought Dennis Skinner was like a pet. He performs his trick and then everyone shouts yeahhhh or ooooooohhh and he looks quite pleased with him. It's as if he's waiting for Cameron to throw him a biscuit before he sits down. You're being downvoted but on a third watch I'm inclined to believe you're right. Some of those pictures (Cameron Diaz in particular) have been played around with to "help" the distortion. He was lead in two movies in 2012.  Was also in Sabotage last year.  Also has Avatar 2 through whenever James Cameron finds a new hobby.   Lots of Worthington to go unfortunately. /u/trollabot CameronTheCannibal Guest-starring Cameron Mooney as David Booney. Ich kann die ganzen Avatarhater nicht mehr hören es ist verdammt nochmal mal James Cameron. Und wer nach dem Kinobesuch nicht geflasht war und das ganze geil fande ist innerlich einfach tot ! Wenn Teil 2 raus kommen wird rennt ihr sowieso ins Kino !  [James Cameron](http://photography.nationalgeographic.com/staticfiles/NGS/Shared/StaticFiles/Photography/Images/Content/underwater-ice-nicklen-749282-ga.jpg) Only if there banker buddies want them too. 

If Cameron and Osborne ever put in place measures to promote BTC then it is indeed a sad day and confirmation that BTC has become a p!anything for investment bankers to manipulate and control. As Cameron vows to cut unemployment benefits for the attackers, Shadow Secretary for Work and Pensions warns of governmental overreach. Don't be too high there on your horse, ole Britt friend! David Cameron's about to fuck that by 2017. Cameron won't lead the "out" campaign, he'd piss off far too many of the 1922s and the backbenchers  I happen to know a couple in the UK named David &amp; Cameron.  http://www.planetsuzy.org/t626521-p4-embry-prada-cameron-dee.html This is the consequence of pushing for public money going straight in to private hands. Cameron's money for his mates.  how about Cameron, is he disappointed by England? Rick Perry committed first degree murder.  He executed a man he knew was innocent (Cameron Todd Willingham). &gt; James Cameron

I want to know how this guy has so much power in the UK, he's not even a citizen! Seems very undemocratic to me! Good for the US team at least, but only if Cameron gets game time. He has been a bit of a utility man, being played in a lot of positions last season, but he's one of our better players so I hope he keeps doing well. It might be interesting to also compare pennies spent per person.

Cameron: 0.2p p/p  
Obama: 0.08p p/p Cameron Diaz  yeah add me on steam as i am interested : mouz|Jj Thanks God ♥Cameron♥
 Netanyahu must have a monster cock to have Harper, Cameron and Obama all gobbling it at the same time.  They also speak of austerity, yet they do billion pound reforms every other year (is this Cameron's third ?). The guy holding the camera sounds like Cameron doing the impression of Ed Rooney in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.  Is it just me, or does the white guy sound like Cameron doing Ferris Buellers dad on the phone? It could be pretty significant as it means Cameron won't be dependent on backbench support for the bill, now he can drop any limits on campaign spending and let immigrants vote. James Cameron Allen just absolutely shat on Cameron there. So just as everyone predicted, Cameron's aiming for some minor concessions so he can then pretend that they consitute a major renegotiation.

You cannot get any significant reform of the EU. James Cameron didn't write First Blood it was a screen adaptation,  bought by Stallone I believe, from author David Morrell.  

http://davidmorrell.net/books/ You're asking where I'm from right? If so, its Canada. So I've got no national ties to these movies really except for James Cameron haha  Wow, truly Cameron has delivered a triumph of "renegotiation" with these monumental changes.

Utter shite. Cameron? Got one of those too.  The funny thing is I actually used a dark garuda on my first account back in the day before I got decameron.
 Cameron Diaz Reebok Alien Stompers, designed for the 1986 James Cameron film. I'll try to shoot some on-foots in the French Quarter James Cameron.  Assuming he could leave his blue people out of it. Kirk cameron? Hahaha ya I was asking where you're from. That made me laugh tho. James Cameron is the man! And hello from California, pal! Cameron and Clegg on the in campaign

Farage/Carswell and Hannan on the out. Israel is very thankful for the support shown by the United Kingdom for innocent Judeo-Christian people. Prime Minister Fermi has agreed to meet with Prime Minister Cameron. Since I usually play in a 10 man,

10 team standard espn snake

Qb: Rogers, Romo

Rb: Lynch, Gurley, Jennings, K. Davis, R. Bush, A. Blue

Wr: A.J. Green, J. Matthews, G. Tate, A. Robinson, 

Te: Witten, Cameron 

D/ST: Seattle 

K: Vinatieri I don't think Cameron will be leading the IN campaign, he's got other stuff on his plate that Nige doesn't.  All the aircraft have been cleared to enter Israeli airspace and land. Both PM Cameron and the British aircraft shall be defended by the IDF and IAF. PM Fermi looks forward to speaking with PM Cameron.

[M]Sounds good I'd like to come! I was from the first post about this. :P

FC: 0061-3014-0775

Character: Cameron

Town: Colesgay Well it may be, but there will be at least a year till the actual thing so plenty of time for swaying in all directions. I see it unlikely though that Cameron will really get much from the EU in his renegotiations. I don't know who looks older - the Olson twins or Candace Cameron. Then Cameron's statements are worthless. This is rich. You honestly think Cameron, and by extension the Tories. Arent garaunteed to campaign to stay in?

Top kek, the man is a bonafide europhile &gt;reform voters

 Considering what they think "reform" entails, and what Cameron is going to get, I don't think they'll be jumping for joy to the IN side.  James Cameron oftentimes brings the good ones over to a new film.
 &gt; just as it's not fair to mire Cameron based upon Thatcher's policies

Because that NEVER happens... Tell that to James Cameron. Cameron himself said he wants UK to stay in the EU.  Check out the Red Knight by Miles Cameron. There you will find monsters to be slayed, people to save and a overall large world. Truly. Cameron's negotiations are going to make things much better, definitely not a bunch of lip service bullshit. Does the polling not show the UK will vote to stay in? What leverage does Cameron have? Does he not risk his bluff being called? She's also in Near Dark alongside other James Cameron staples like Bill Paxton and Lance Henriksen. Near Dark was directed by Kathryn Bigelow, who was married to Cameron at the time. Lately, Cameron seems to be replacing Jeanette with Michelle Rodriguez.  

By the way you should check out Goldstein's movie history.  She was great in one of my favorite vampire flicks:  Near Dark.  Awesome movie if you've never seen it. Yeah [here's how National Geographic/James Cameron thought it sank](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FSGeskFzE0s) Holy shit. This triple James Cameron film cameos just blew my nerd mind. I respect James Cameron for wanting to bang that thing. He truly goes where no man dares to go. So your proposal for Cameron's proposal for EU reform is to abolish all the EU? And if the government committed to ground troops you would be bitching about warmongering, calling Cameron 'Obama's poodle' and saying "But what happened to austerity? We're all in it together /s" Here is an interview with her where she talks about all three roles and her coop with Cameron: https://soundcloud.com/i-was-there-too/aliens-t2-titanic-with-jenette-goldstein But what most in the UK( England, Wales, Scotland) want is a cap on migration. 

Like I said Cameron will get a few crumbs and sell it as a massive win to the UK.  That will never happen.   Miliband was lined up to removing murdochs powers.   Cameron is literally a front Man for murdochs companies and other multibillion dollar companies.   I'm guessing this person is a fan of David Cameron  Cameron Diaz! Cameron Dallas. It's all about spin my friend, in about 2/3 years the British public will know and understand how centre-right the EU establishment actually is - but they will think David Cameron made it so.  Cameron destroyed the car.  Ferris did steal from his dad, that part was cut out.  BTW, have you seen the Ferris Bueller/Fight Club mashup? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cJdEvzvDjY4 I only recently realized Cameron isn't exactly that popular around your country. Whose worse in your eyes? Excellent! We simply cannot wait to meet with Her Majesty and The Right Honourable Mr. Cameron.  **Nancy Cameron, January 1974 Playboy**




[**I submitted 26 pics of her on another /sub. Here is the link**](http://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCoolNSFW/comments/3743oe/nancy_cameron_january_1974_playboy_26_pics_the/) Yeah, that's exactly what Cameron's negotiation strategy will look like: "Change something! We want change! The change of stuff and shit!". **Nancy Cameron, January 1974 Playboy**




[**I submitted 26 pics of her on another /sub. Here is the link**](http://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCoolNSFW/comments/3743oe/nancy_cameron_january_1974_playboy_26_pics_the/) **Nancy Cameron, January 1974 Playboy**




[**I submitted 26 pics of her on another /sub. Here is the link**](http://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCoolNSFW/comments/3743oe/nancy_cameron_january_1974_playboy_26_pics_the/) **Nancy Cameron, January 1974 Playboy**




[**I submitted 26 pics of her on another /sub. Here is the link**](http://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCoolNSFW/comments/3743oe/nancy_cameron_january_1974_playboy_26_pics_the/) That lady's name?

David Cameron Id find replacments for jalen collins, you dont need the awareness boost with dom sherman. After that either lavonte david or cameron wake So if you're in the Alexandria area, there's a guy that has a booth at the farmer's market at Cameron Station. It's only on Sundays, though.

Found his website:
http://rodssharpening.com/ ["In the James Cameron film "Avatar", this is used among the Na'vi as a greeting; 
May mean the same as "I love you" or "We are all one"](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=i+see+you&amp;defid=4744664) I think AMH is a fine actor but there is no way AMH would have made it as memorable.

That Cameron was the Cameron of my childhood friends, the cautious, trustworthy, shy, caring, and loyal friend that would be there no matter what the situation. Other news media covering the same story: [reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/05/24/uk-britain-eu-cameron-idUKKBN0O910W20150524), [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cf4c87a8-022f-11e5-92ce-00144feabdc0.html). **2 Months** to cameronfred. He digs to many caves.

**No Action** to Privium. He could have really not known he was x-raying. In a conversation it could be hidden and covered up by excuses. Nothing guilty, it's a James Cameron movie, it's rad as hell. Its Cameron Diaz's fault Why on earth would they be able to? David Cameron isn't denying them anything. They never have been able to, and hopefully never will.  Came here to suggest this.

[Poor man's Scotty Cameron right here.](http://m.clevelandgolf.com/US_classic-collection-hb-4_5-black-pearl-putter__cchb_bp_45_p__viewProd_putters.html) The movie Titanic was made mainly because James Cameron wanted to visit the wreckage. It must be the biggest burn of his life when he googles that and finds people liked fucking James Cameron's Dances With Smurfs to his movie. Well, The Last Airbender, because people will think you're talking about the James Cameron movie Avatar.

Avatar: The Last Airbender There are only two Avatars in media, the movie by James Cameron and the television show The Last Airbender.

/r/LakeLaogai  Ehh. He's the third best MI in the draft behind Swanson and Rodgers, and then you have pitchers like Tate and maybe Fulmer, and other hitters like Cameron in the conversation.... ANY CAMERON CARD , When my nattie loses to a L PP cameron I fucking cry People were saying the same thing about David Cameron. Look how that ended. Personally I think you have some good trade bait. Josh Hill could be a solid TE2 with Brees throwing the ball. So you could potentially trade Gronk or Cameron for a solid RB. Cameron Diaz

Will Ferrell 

Julia Roberts

Sarah Jessica Parker (liked her in Hocus Pocus though) Like Cameron on Modern Family? Do you recall any specifically? Note: It doesn't count if it was in the Python one, anyone he mentions gets bagged!

Might re-listen to the Cameron Silver one, I'm sure there's something in there from when he worked on CV and SWEP1 Conservatives are not much better, they just pretend to be anti-labour, but in the end they are the same Muslim appeasers. But hey Cameron said that Islam is religion of peace. Cameron McCarthy (**GWS**) Hm. Thanks, that sucks if true. Maybe someone has some more reading material. I'm sure of all possible demands, a more complete market (i.e. "more Europe") would be one of the easiest reform to achieve for Cameron because it's justified and fair. I enjoyed it, but I was also comparing it to the previous adaptation starring Kirk Cameron. Where those movies were just awful, this one at least knew what to focus on. Jesus Christ, you pedant. They are in a part of the ocean, and the phone sinks to the bottom of the ocean in that particular spot. They don't need James Cameron to fetch the phone out of the Marianas trench for this title to be accurate. I would not take Cameron over him.  He is a walking concussion.

Travis was one of the best blocking TE's last year and had the best YAC of any TE.  He is a stud. Ah, jeez. I don't think Yeo should've got a week. If Webster hadn't have gone off he'd have got off. But Cameron doesn't get anything? Weird. I think Cameron is going to do something in these five years. I'll watch it for Cameron then ;)  Cameron wants to stay in? It's the same rules as the GE, if he had done any different anyone that wanted to leave would have thrown a fit. He couldn't win on this one. Staggered that Cameron only got a fine for [his hit on Cheney](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ip0kXW71XNY) What your saying would be a fantastic start.Cameron doesn't have a problem with the fact the EU is undemocratic. You can't oppose a document without knowing what it says. To do so only weakens your argument when it does come out. It's like when UKIP pretend Cameron's renegotiation has failed when in fact that hasn't started yet either. Cameron is in favour of the UK staying in the EU... Does Cameron want us in or out?? Cameron being a bit based for once. Not Cameron. He's untouchable remember. But there is no way to determine that that belief is held by a majority. Just because somebody votes conservative doesn't mean they believe exactly what David Cameron believes especially as it wasn't mentioned in the Tory Manifesto. Is Cameron deluded too? http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/david-cameron/11283924/David-Cameron-I-still-want-Turkey-to-join-EU-despite-migrant-fears.html Which is exactly what I have been saying. But more fairly saying that the polls have been neck and neck for 2 years. Notice the upswing for In once Cameron said renegotiation.  Can someone please Explain Like I'm a Yank? Cause I am. Sum up what Cameron is doing and what it's stemming from? Sv Cameron twice and Sv Naomi one. Those 3 Sv Pro divas would help, but not as much as the Fusion Pros they made. It's crazy to think GWS had all of Jeremy Cameron, Johnathan Patton, Tom Boyd, Josh Bruce, Cam McCarthy, and Adam Tomlinson. 

 Never go full retarded, Cameron....don't do it. Lorne Greene, William Shatner, Jim Carrey, Martin Short, Paul Anka, Tommy Chong, Kim Coates, Howie Mandel, James Cameron. Cameron learning fast from US Republicans. If u can not convince people to vote your way, make it impossible for them to vote.  Cameron thinks that the British people should have a lower standard of human rights than the rest of the other countries. [About that universal declaration...](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/oct/01/cameron-pledge-scrap-human-rights-act-civil-rights-groups) People who aren't citizens don't get to vote normally, why should this be any different?

Of all the stupid shit Cameron has done/will do/is doing, this is a non-issue. The details of the Scottish independence referendum were negotiated and agreed to beforehand by both parties. In my opinion, David Cameron messed up those negotiations completely. But either way, it was agreed upon by both sides.  Jennifer Lawrence: Total shit


Winona Ryder: Always plays a mad cunt


Cameron Diaz: Same shit, different day.




 He looks oddly like a young david cameron. EU citizens in Britain cannot vote nationally but British citizens in EU countries can? If true lol, Cameron should shut the fuck up. David Cameron says so. Well, actually, I think it has something  to do with the Queen being a Christian. I don't think David Cameron's opinion really makes anything official? The UK doesn't have an established church (even if bits of it does) No I know the quote. But the socialists (or rather, leftists) had free reign for too long and have created a huge mess. It needs to be counter-balanced, which is what Cameron is setting out to do. and once again the mighty intellect of Cameron demonstrates his total lack of empathy for anyone and his total inability to think ahead more than the few seconds required to form a sentence, why did people vote for this imbecile? U WOT M8. I SWR ON ME MAM.

Yes, I do. Being born in England and living there for most of my life. 

All those votes Cameron got from Antigua really helped the vote... oh wait. No one told that to James Cameron.  James Cameron learned a lot of tricks while working for [Roger Corman.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roger_Corman) Hasn't Cameron Jerome been shite 90% of his career? Same here could've had a Pro RVD and Cameron. . Wesley Hoolahan &gt; Messi

Nathan Redmond &gt; Neymar

Cameron Jerome &gt; Suarez Back in the day when there was such a thing as a James Cameron film with budget constraints. I thought that movie was underrated.. if not just for Cameron Diaz having sex with a car windshield. &gt; Cameron Diaz: Same shit, different day.

I am at a loss to understand how such a terrible actress ever made it big in Hollywood.  She aint even hot.  Never was.   Cameron Jerome is so frustrating to play against. He commits all these niggling fouls that the ref (and the commentators) doesn't seem to see. Cameron Diaz's face. I nope out every time.  The Aliens commentary track has the cast, James cameron and the producers,....its worth watching Whether you like his movies or not, Cameron always seems to put a lot of effort into his 'making of' documentaries. This and the one for "The Abyss" were both awesome.  Who doesn't like Cameron's movies!?!?

That piranha one doesn't count. &gt;I trained at the Roger Corman Film School.

- James Cameron (Terminator DVD extras) During the X-Tinction Agenda, when they were both prisoners of Cameron Hodge, it was heavily implied that they did it because she thought they were both going to die. Or at least it read that way when I was in high school...  Source: /r/GayGifs/comments/36h1fn/jeff_cameron_retro_bj_the_boys_in_the_back_room/ I like the interesting take on it, and am a big Kyuss fan, but personally think [Soundgarden's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9wF2DDyz2g) does the best into the void cover (there's a lot). Matt Cameron's drumming is beautiful, and the mix is perfect. Back then when there was such a thing as a great James Cameron movie.

Seems like for James Cameron, movie quality is negatively correlated with funding. How naive is this guy(Cameron)? You can't "clean up" the internet. Which is sad because Cameron was a master of getting what little money he had on the screen.  Like Cameron using his drycleaners sheath for Reese's body bag at the end they had so little money? Hmmm, so Kim Jong-un got his strategies from James Cameron creativity dealing with budget constraints  More importantly, before becoming a director Cameron held every technical position in film making. When he wanted something a certain way, it came from perspective, not ego. 

If he could do the entire movie himself, I'm sure he'd prefer to. Where's [David Cameron](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/ricky-gervais-reminds-uk-of-david-camerons-promise-to-vote-on-repealing-fox-hunting-ban-after-conservative-election-victory-10238163.html) when you need him? /s (obviously?) [Who's that? It's him! James Cameron!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O94_pm56CIQ) Please don't blame all of us. Only 37% of voters, or 18% of the population voted for David Cameron's party. They just ended up with 51% of the seats in the legislature. We really need a number of Snopes arcticles on James Cameron. Apparently he's still going to film both at the same time, which was planned with the first avatar.  And apparently Battle Angel Attila is still planned. It's like 1999 all over again. James Cameron ... uh ... finds a way.  3D was a thing before Cameron... James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron! Some say in the next dimension, you can almost hear James Cameron yell cut directing a Cyclopod getting emotional resonance in a scene with Keroscipian. It's been established for a long time already how much of a fucking idiot Cameron is. They only had like 4 alien suits as well, and Cameron paid for the robot with the laser scanner in the beginning of the film out of his own pocket. The Conservatives are split. Cameron and Osborne are in favour of the EU, most of the back benches are not. Dempsey's shot was not as wide open as Wondo's... and I have called Besler and Cameron chokers for both of their fuck ups... Wondo is a joke of a player. Never deserved to be in the WC, and he proved it. He is a disgrace. To be fair even T2 was the most expensive film of all time, at the time.

Cameron basically had a limited budget for two films. 

Why couldn't Michael Bay have been a James Cameron disciple, instead of worshipping at the altar of Roland Emmerich? Don't care, 5 more years, hahaha. -David Cameron  Cameron's Britain Neither of us would kick Cameron out of bed. :p Cameron doesn't want us to leave the EU. If he's not allowing 16 and 17 year olds to vote it's likely because he thinks that they're too easily swayed.  Thank, but it ain't mine. It's a copy-paste from [this guy](http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/1k239g/cameron_we_need_to_look_at_scrapping_the_human/cbkmj03) James Cameron had to settle on funding a team of scientists to create an "alien" life form from scratch.  &gt; Cameron Jerome as striker was the reason they won today for me, he bullied Gibson and Ayala all afternoon, his blistering pace and strength was too much for them

He seems to have learnt how to finish too after last season. "On the farm" by Stevie Cameron is an awesome read. Do you think David Cameron made the right choice only having British and Commonwealth citizens living in the UK the right to vote in the EU referendum?  

-UKIP Voter for Life x If enough resign do we have another election? Or does Cameron have to go into coalition? Considering he's only got a small majority. I found it quite funny how strongly James Cameron reacted to Keanu asking him about how Avatar took away the realism of what was being shown on screen. Nuh-uh, James Cameron's like totally up for a nuclear holocaust and the enslavement of mankind by cyborgs. Middlesborough were non-existent in the first half and the added pressure to score got to them in the second half. Cameron Jerome was amazing. Maybe that's what James Cameron was doing in the Marianas Trench Hi Suzanne, 

How do you feel about the new anti-extremism laws proposed by Theresa May and David Cameron's comments about the UK being a "passively tolerant society"?

On a similar note, does UKIP oppose the so-called Snooper's Charter? Don't forget [FernGully: The Last Rainforest](https://dbmoviesblog.wordpress.com/2012/05/13/avatar-vs-ferngully-the-last-rainforest-a-case-of-plagiarism/). Cameron ripped off just about everything from FernGully... like Cameron give a flying fuck go on England, block porn, i dare you, it would be the shortest civil war in history.. and it would end with cameron being sodomized and it being filmed and edited into a record breaking porno. Good ol' James Cameron; the guy who can take a bunch of McDonalds cartons and make the walls of a spaceship. Oh well, it technically is - all EU member states must have signed the ECHR. Frankly I don't know what Cameron is thinking with this one. Maybe he plans on abolishing the HRA, but not leaving the ECHR after all?  Yes, that's how movies used to be made...with creativity. Cameron is the man! Fact: Michael Biehn's run of '80s films includes 3 consecutive Cameron films: T1, Aliens, The Abyss And STILL he managed to score against us in that tournament. Though it probably had something to do with the fact that he came on as a fresh pair of legs during extra time, and Geoff Cameron was in even poorer form than he was during the tournament. ~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron, the United Kingdom Cameron, Abbot, and Harper.  I feel someone with real power picked these guys to run these countries.  Obama most likely too.  And when I say "someone" I'm not referring to the voters, I'm referring to someone else pulling the strings. Cameron Diaz Oh yeah Camerons definitely fairly off and anti privacy, but a lot of people seem to be making them out to be fascists or something &gt;.&lt;

 Kenneth Cameron makes me sad, thought he'd be a big star :( Ascension started with him, and end with him. They were the best, when Kenneth Cameron got fired it ended for me. He was so good. Sorry pal but it is. That's what Cameron is trying to change. The rug was pulled out from under GCHQ, so the UK is going it alone, picking and choosing what human rights they want to adhere to.  The SNP had the boost of Cameron saying 'English votes for English laws' in what was supposed to be the better together victory speech. He messed around with the union to win an election. I can't see UKIP getting a similar boost.  That's literally what Cameron does.  I thought it was common sense to not fuck with Human Rights? Surely everyone knows that by now? Other than, you know, those 'dictator' people? I heard they're also pretty bad... 

In other words; expect Cameron to be assassinated if he does this. James Cameron isn't even words anymore I think what he described is James Cameron.  So typical Conservative policies. Cameron, Harper, Abbot, ect ect all one and the same.  Even James Cameron is spiders.  What if all the James Cameron in the world turned to wood? James Cameron is the James Cameron of the film world.  The reason for this is to keep Britain in the EU.

Cameron will return saying he has achieved a concession from the EU and many of the public will believe it to be true. Cameron Diaz Yeah Cameron you dick. Don't touch my porn! I'm not sure Cameron realises that poor people count as Human. Cameron, Clay and Walker over Kelce? No way.  Dear David Cameron.

You are a moron.
That is all.
Everyone.

PS if we had proportional representation, you'd be looking for a new job. I think it was [Cameron Hodge.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Hodge) 

edit: Looks like Hulu has the old episodes. My understanding is if it's a kid program they don't do commercials.  "Aliens" was James Cameron, right. I heard he was way over budget on Titantic. I know that was later.  Good. Traditional conservatives are supposed to support civil liberties and small government. Not the fascist bullshit Cameron is pulling.  James Cameron strikes me as something of a renaissance man. Jordan Cameron? No. Because they didn't have anyone else. Maybe Cameron but that was about it. Check out the two part Phalanx saga. They are the "Techno -Organic" alien race that transforms Cameron Hodge. Also, it was a great mini-arch. &gt; How are EU citizens in the UK during this referendum different from non-Scots in Scotland during that referendum?

They're guaranteed to vote to stay in the EU. Cameron doesn't like that. Leverage would still go to Josh Gordon there. The only other target on  the team at Cameron. Yeah he had a better o-line then the Giants, but that was about it. It's not about staying in the EU, it's about Cameron getting credit for doing the impossible, he could have just done this anyway without all the bullshit we'd stay in the Eu but he wouldn't get as much public credit According to the internet there is one, we all know how reliable the internet is. 

I just  don't feel that David Cameron is really speaking to youth under the age of 25, I don't know I just... don't quite feel the love. psn: cameronsparr

lvl 33 warlock Dave Cameron; the biggest wanker in the UK and he tries to block porn. What a knob. We cant all have 17yr old sex slaves you know.  Jordan Cameron was good, but nowhere near as good as Gordon.  He's my boy but Cameron missed multiple games because of concussions.  Making proposals that are presented at an EU summit in June is indeed democratic. Cameron will present his proposals at the same summit. 

 Large debris tornado by Cameron heading north. 4:09PM Schwarzenegger spoke pretty highly of Cameron's ability make small budget look big.  I dunno about anyone else here in the UK, but I'm kind of starting to feel kinda persecuted with all the shit Cameron gets up to. &gt; They're guaranteed to vote to stay in the EU. Cameron doesn't like that.

He wants to stay in the EU. Or at least that's what he claims. So by that logic he would want them to vote. Wow that tornado by Cameron is a nasty one.  

I'm also seeing a rotation signature west of Mustang Ridge ... So Hwy 21 and Hwy 71. Hasn't been warned yet.  Back in FCW, "The Ascension" was actually a stable/faction consisting of: Konnor, Kenneth Cameron, Epico, Ricardo Rodriguez, and Raquel Diaz (Shaul Guerrero). We've had protests in London for the past 2 Saturdays. Completely unreported on the news. Cameron is in the Media's Pocket. So by your standards Cameron and Eva Marie are athletic and have natural abilities? Come on.  Also such a thing as a 'good James Cameron film' Cameron pls (It's DZ) False, Britain categorically did not want Juncker as President.

It was very public, Cameron et al did not want him, and yet here we are. 78723 here, Northridge Drive is a river about 2-3" deep. I imagine the other roads between Cameron and Berkman are similarly flooded. My backyard has a 1" deep creek flowing through it now . In David Cameron's butthole I hope so too, but don't count on it. Cameron is a toxic asset and there is a great chance that working with him will be political suicide for a country on an European level. On the other hand it doesn't matter what concessions that Cameron gets- because your good friend Daniel will inform you that those aren't *real* reforms. http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100276470/magna-carta-should-unite-every-english-speaker-from-david-cameron-to-owen-jones/

Some of your speech has been stolen from this article! They backed of against Junckers, I gues you're right they're weary in The Hague to align with Cameron. Still, one can hope. 

 &gt; If Cameron thought that Commonwealth citizens were more likely to vote to stay in the EU, he'd be trying to exclude them too.

Why? From what I gather he's pro EU. if it just wouldn't always be about BREXIT or Cameron...yes that would be great. Yeah... number 10 norwich was the name of the bowling alley just outside the city... now its a namco bowling alley. Or its Cameron Jerome. Eva Marie isn't even a diva, she's a reality star.  Cameron is probably the worst example, but she's definitely got a natural dis-likability that makes her a natural heel. Luckiily for Cameron Merkel and Hollande knows he will be there for another 5 years, whereas Hollande and (possibly) Merkel could be gone fairly soon. I spit on cameron and blair families and their degenerated offsprings Why doesn't David Cameron protect children from Tory pedophiles like his late friend Jimmy Savile? As a UK citizen... I have no such plans. Sorry Europe and World for setting an awful example.

I'd just like to take a minute to say **FUCK YOU DAVID CAMERON**.  
Again. Cameron just goes "I'll huff, I'll puff.. and I'll walk away!" at negotiations. I think deep down he knows he can't get anything but puts up the act anyways. You guys could come see that nice 2001 banner we have hanging in Cameron! The Deception is **not** crossing the Rubicon of Article 50 Lisbon Treaty to **real-ly** renegotiate and reform.

All else is a huge deception on the people of Great Britain by David Cameron. &gt; If there are no changes then it is a waste of government time and money

As a political move, it would help Cameron placate the Europhobes and ease the route somewhat to an in vote in the EU Referendum. The opt-in is for third party cookies, not for functional site cookies Cameron. i think she's gorgeous. in the other woman, they kept trying to say kate upton aka the humpback whale was the hot one and that they should feel real shitty about themselves. i think cameron is way prettier Jesus Cameron? Sounds like Brussels has figured out how to get Brits to vote down Cameron's leaving the EU referendum That is funny, but irrelevant. All I mean is that Cameron's hand is stronger as he is seen to have a stronger mandate and more time on the clock to concentrate on the EU (and the Merkel-Hollande cabal know that) to negotiate **pre-referendum**. Interested to see how Cameron Jerome does in the Premier League, has had a fantastic season in the Championship Because The Guardian is a British paper writing to a British audience so they're including what impact it may have on Britain or how it relates to Cameron's reforms.

 So when the SNP ask for another referendum David Cameron can grin and say "We don't want to enter into the rhetoric of division and I think that's exactly what this franchise aims to do." I'm not sure that it will mike, but we can see how cameron will take the left-wing side.  Kirk Cameron and Pauly Shore James Cameron didn't invent CGI or 3D Movies. Some Christians are actually crazy enough to believe that Dinosaurs lived a couple hundred years ago or some shit and that Fossils were placed by the Devil to confuse us. I believe there was a Kirk Cameron thing about it. *Ass Goblins of Auschwitz* by Cameron Pierce Terminator Genysis, by James Cameron.  This seems counter to the post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/302nzj/til_james_cameron_pitched_the_sequel_to_alien_by/?limit=500 Just followed James Cameron on Twitter.

I really like his avatar.
 I feel like this belongs here: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/f/f6/Kirkcameroncrocoduck.JPG/220px-Kirkcameroncrocoduck.JPG Very relevant http://youtu.be/Sp4nwcBgx0A

David Cameron agrees with you "I'd kiss a frog even if there was no promise of a Prince Charming popping out of it. I love frogs." -Cameron Diaz. 
 No, James Cameron is dancers. Lebrons early struggles against the Bulls was actually from Cameron Bairstow talking shit from the bench James Cameron?  http://www.planetsuzy.org/t626521-p4-embry-prada-cameron-dee.html Cameron Dee Also, the steel door breaching at the beginning was real and paid for out of Jim Cameron's own pocket. This is a beautiful mesh of words, most notably Cameron and James in no particular order. Love the song/band.  Love Cameron Wake.  Not everything is peanut butter and chocolate though.  I totally agree. yeah that was definitely some good ole fashioned Cam Cameron football described. http://www.pwmania.com/total-divas-star-cameron-sid-vicious-involved-in-twitter-beef ONE WEIRD TRICK TO MAKE YOUR SMALL PENIS LOOK LESS SMALL! DAVID CAMERON TELLS ALL!  Galette is the underrated one. Most people haven't even heard of him. He has had more sacks(22) in the last two years than teammate and pro bowler Cameron Jordan(20).  James Cameron's Avatar. After they kill and kick the humans out, of course  I hope Cam Cameron reads this. After seeing Juncker hit the Austrian chancellor over the head with some papers and strangle the Spanish Economy Minister, not to mention his various antics with Orbán, I'm kind of interested to see the stunts he'll pull around Cameron. I love how David Cameron is now looking for allies to stop tighter eurozone relationships. That to me makes no sense whatsoever.  It's like Britain wants to stay outside the EU with benefits of being in EU.  Matt Beleskey you're my hero *Cameron Frye voice* CameronAOB pls Shouldn't that have been Cameron Sandiago...  They don't need Buddy, Cameron and McCarthy will do that job just fine.

I believe Sydney got Buddy mainly because they couldn't risk lose him to GWS and risk supporters jumping ship. Our supporter base is fickle. /u/trollabot CameronThompson I wish I was Cameron.

I can't be straight. I would have gone with. Hey, Cameron, leave our smut alone. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3095424/1-5million-migrants-barred-voting-EU-David-Cameron-blocks-having-say-Britain-s-future.html Going by some posts in this thread...it's some scheme from Cameron. You know that UK independence from the EU is just a pipedream right? The UK needs the EU much more than the other way around. it was just Cameron's way to get enough votes for the election, man... Galaxy of Terror ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)  
  
&gt; Tony Randel, who worked with Cameron on Galaxy of Terror, notes [...] that Aliens, which Cameron helmed, looks a lot like Galaxy of Terror in many ways. Aliens, Terminator 2, and Rambo: First Blood Part 2.  James Cameron directed the greatest action sequels of all time. Geoff Cameron, Fabian Johnson, Tim Ream, John Brooks James Cameron didn't Direct Rambo 2, but he did work on the screenplay. The night bus costs you extra in Manchester? Cameron's Britain. **9. Cameron Smith** dear /u/Cameronrbk , are we allowed to discuss the secrets on this post? 'Right, let's hop in my 2004 Clio and go make some cheese and chutney toasties' etc.

Did you know the 24 hour tesco/Asda in Alloa aren't 24 hours any more? #CameronsBritain  If Cameron really could renegotiate those three points, then staying in the EU might not actually be that bad.

But he won't! definitely very cameron giles esque Seriously? I got Cameron as my freebie in SV. Did not send her to fusion (FML) and now Im still waiting for my pity pull :| Cameron is the status quo! David Cameron is such a caring man for wanting to save teenagers from masturbating. James Cameron will get beaten by inflation.

If you adjust for inflation, then Gone With the Wind is still the all-time box office champ. Avatar isn't even in the top 10.

http://www.boxofficemojo.com/alltime/adjusted.htm
 David Cameron (UK prime minister). [Cameron Todd Willingham](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Todd_Willingham) Well Cameron already want young jobseekers to instead work for £1.91 per hour...

http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/david-cameron-wants-young-people-to-work-30-hours-a-week-for-benefits-in-new-tory-plan-10051342.html Came expecting the James Cameron South Park copy/pasta. Got this instead. Very nice write up.  Cameron Bairstow, is that you? Beat Avatar? Honestly? No. I think that if The Force Awakens is really really good it might beat Titanic. 

Other than that I'd say maybe Avatar 2, because hey it's James Cameron.  Cameron isn't going to renegotiate a treaty change though James Cameron needs to get in touch with the people from The Core. 36.9% Con + 12.6% UKIP + 3.8% Green = 53.3% of the electorate voting for a party offering an EU referendum. Besides, he's not even speaking for himself - Cameron wants to stay in. For example shariah controlled zones: http://i.imgur.com/JBLeXgK.jpg

Or Cameron public speeches on the occasion of Muslim holidays.

Or withdraw of pork from UK school meals. Your move Mr Cameron/Mr Obama you pair of pussies.

Sincerly, New Zealand Divamania!!!
PCC: Paige

WM: Nikki

Survivor: Naomi

Legendary: Cameron

Epic: Natalya

UR: Brie

SR: Eva Marie

Rare: AJ

Uncommon: Summer Rae 

Common: Tamina
 The thing often missed here is that the undemocratic part is Cameron, Merkel, holonnde and co sat behind closed doors wheeling and dealing. Not junker who is as legitimate as David Cameron was last parliament. had no idea cam'ron had such a regal sounding name til you made me look up who the fuck cameron giles was... still don't know how I feel about this but thats funny as hell... David Cameron's mouth, whenever he opens his mouth then he will be full of shit twice. I figure they always put a turd at one of the higher levels, like when we used to get Fandango or Titus as the Single Survivor and there is no bigger turd than Cameron at those levels Wrong Avatar Subreddit... This is the James Cameron "Blue Monkeys Avatar" you're looking for /r/TheLastAirbender :) So will Cameron be buying 10 Downing Street? Add me on steam
http://steamcommunity.com/id/cameronb/
I'll try help through there? Cameron Carter-Vickers, young CB with Tottenham who seems to be turning into a good young player. Cameron's dad's place *"plans to scrap Human Rights Act"*  

What the actual fuck is wrong with David Cameron?   
My theory: he is not human. 



 &gt; increase the personal deduction amount

One of David Cameron's big election commitments.
 Labour should attack the EU for being undemocratic and Cameron for letting it be While supporting continued membership. Win-Win for them there. And because Cameron moves like a newborn giraffe, with no malice.  The SNP are the Tories official opposition now. No other party are speaking out against Cameron's plans. You know that London is largely a Labour stronghold? London did not vote for Cameron. As long as Cameron can pander to the mumsnetters.  Robbie: "I'm as influential as Cameron Smith"Taylor: "...ugh" Kind of looks like Cameron's house from Ferris Bueller's Day Off... Looks like Toxiccameron is busy in Elite Dangerous :D David Cameron's government imposed a similar rule in Britain. It is totally superficial policy designed to makes his Government appear business-friendly. They figured that if he does [this](http://cover32.com/bears/2014/10/20/video-cameron-wake-throws-chicago-bears-tackle-jordan-mills-like-a-rag-doll/) to OTs, that they'd try a different approach. Fine. I suppose we have Gove and Cameron to choose from.  Reminds me of the hype that Cameron Maybin had, but dialed up a notch or two.  Cameron is like a clown pottering around in a circus when it comes to the EU. He's been out-manoeuvred by those two.  Cameron Wake. 

He's probably not going to retire after this season. But he's 33. It'll be hard to keep up being a Top 3 DE at 34/35 years old.  Richard Lewis isn't a politician, he's a fucking journalist. He doesn't need to live up to your retarded ambiguous moral standards. Also, why are you using David Cameron as your little paragon of morality, rofl. No, the equivalent would be believing calling David Cameron a dick is sexist. Nothing about calling someone a cunt is inherently sexist. Calling someone a nigger is inherently racist though.  Ten team standard pick number 7

*  Cam,  Tannehill 

*  (3 WR)  DT,  Dez,  Evans,  Matthews,  Perriman 

*  Ingram,  Miller,  Crowell,  Randle,  Terrance west,  blount 

*  Cameron,  Josh Hill  Fml I actually meant James Cameron. Holy shit.

Regardless, he's an asshole and deserves the attention he gets :) I would hope that the leftist Eurosceptic groups would think twice about effectively giving David Cameron and Michael Gove carte blanche to plug any gaps in our constitution that a Brexit might cause. Disagree on Stills. Too many mouths to feed in Miami with Landry, Stills, Jennings and Parker, plus Jordan Cameron. Stills' speciality is the deep ball which is Tannehill's biggest weakness. A home and home with Duke would be my dream. I've always wanted an excuse to go to Cameron, even if we lost the experience is worth it IMO. I'm terrible at politics so I'd just straight up order the assassination of David Cameron. Makes me think of the "Left Behind" expansion for The Last of Us (not Kirk Cameron Left Behind).  You should feel lucky no clickers descended upon you. I've used a modified version of this theme with some success: http://cameron.bracken.bz/beamer-template

It's much cleaner than the ugly default styles, with ridiculous drop shadows and general bulkiness. Conspiracy theory is that it was actually Directed by James Cameron. Kinda like how Steven Spielberg Directed Poltergeist. James Cameron taking up arms Kirk Cameron is waiting for you over at the Creation Museum, ready and willing to change your mind. Rotate the photos please!

You look fine with my head tilted. Clearly young. Like a young Cameron from Ferris Bueller's Day Off Thanks a bunch, Cameron! fwiw my MP can't even renew his domain name let alone help his constituents. He's selling dates with sexy asian women on his site now.
Wrote to David Cameron too - no reply. I know. I'm dreading the day I see the notification "Miami Dolphins DE Cameron Wake announces retirement."

I will actually cry.  Well, to me, a (North-[Eastern-])European, Cameron is a bit of a cunt.

That, however, does not justify being a neckbeard anonymouse cunt. Where oh where are you James Cameron? I have no issue with the fine, didnt do any damage etc.

But still was pretty dangerous. 

Hodge got 3, not because of damage caused but because of the potential damage he could have done. If MRP was consistent he (Cameron) would have gotten a week. I did consider going with 'JamesCameronScholar explains how James Cameron does what only James Cameron does'.  I'll probably snag Cameron Artis-Payne with my last pick. He's in a good situation behind injury-prone JStew to pop up and be productive in week 4 or 5.  Dave Cameron guessed [15 years/$600 Million](http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/dave-cameron-fangraphs-chat-52015/) James Cameron On the Dolphins, Cameron Wake and Brent Grimes probably only have 1 or 2 more seasons of elite ball in them.  Watching them now would be a good idea if you want to see their best. He worked as a mortgage broker.
http://espn.go.com/blog/nflnation/post/_/id/82368/cameron-wake-takes-unique-path-to-nfl &gt; Implying I don't love the UK and Cameron. Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom. I would be happy to do one every couple of days for you, until you get sorted with a regular source. That way you can at least get your first few posts in the bank ready to go.

[This is me.](http://writehere.com/my-page/121017-1/cameron-kellock) Glad to know it will actually be released. While it will be more of a historical look now. I will still be watching it.  Will also post it to the G+ bitcoin community since I saw Cameron has pushed it to the FB bitcoin group. Hodge got 3 because because he deliberately elbowed a guy in the face.

There is no head contact here and there was no intention by Cameron to actually strike the player. He was just too lanky to do anything else. David Cameron is an excellent example.

edit: meant Tony Blair. Drop de shields for josh Hamilton or Cameron maybin in espn standard roto? &gt;so does that make David Cameron some oversensitive Tumblerina then

My God... there are actually people who speak like that....

&gt;Eton Dave's feeling triggered by the nudity.

Great misuse of "triggered" Dear lord, if you make Cameron fuck off and leave the internet alone I promise I will believe in you. I can't believe I left out a Cameron Crowe film, he's actually one of my favorite ones. I am working on further updates to have a most complete list. Lol, good luck Cameron. Can confirm, just came back from filming in Hollywood with Cameron Diaz. That was the same year James Cameron's massively expensive Avatar was running for best picture. It lost despite a much longer production time and higher budget.

Katheryn Bigelow is James Cameron's ex-wife.
 lol, they haven't even shown any episodes past ocean gem over here, i had to go online to watch them

^^thanks ^^cameron Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom. As if the sun wasn't racist, sexist and grandma-ish before, and why are they trying to claim Davey Cameron is a terrorist?

Edit: I get it, vote Poo-kip PS - I'm only doing skill positions because the rest were too much work

QB : Jimmy G

RB : Le'veon Bell

WR: Eric Decker / Danny Amendola

TE: Jordan Cameron

CB: Antonio Cromartie / Brandon Flowers

FS: Devin Mccourty

SS: Kam Chancellor That was discussed a fair bit in the election run up (y'know, when people thought it might be close), and the conclusion most people came to was that Cameron had first dibs, but if he tried to run with a minority the house could vote him out.  Didn't her husband at the time, James Cameron, work on the film as well?  Take David Cameron down and protect all the people he's trying to harm.  fucking hate paywalls. something about gove, something about cameron - cameron holding off on including this british bill of rights in queens speech. something something something. Kenneth Cameron was the best member of the Ascension. Not going to lie, I was expecting something horrible given the description (think a Kirk Cameron film for atheists).

However, the trailer was entertaining and it looks well done. I'll be sure to give it a watch. Ah, I'm showing my ignorance here, I didn't count UKIP, only votes for Cameron. Statistic is still valid in Canada.  His policies aside, I wish we had strong, fearless politicians like Putin in the UK, not Etonian drips like Cameron.  Why did Alex Salmond get to choose the question for the Scottish referendum, but Cameron gets to choose the question for the EU referendum? Even the otters are against us, I think this proves Cameron Smith was talking shit when he claimed QLD are the underdogs. This answer brought to you by: "Cameron Purdy, SVP Engineering of Oracle Middleware" Cameron Bright is 22. Johnny Quest is 10.
The kids'll most likely be unknown.

Hmm, looks like the version with The Rock was gonna age up Johnny, but given Rodriguez's kid films, I bet they don't do that this time.

 I loved this Ascension, and Kenneth Cameron had serious potential. The only lame part was when they were going all Gangrel with the spooky vamp stuff live.  
Such a pity Cameron fucked up the way he did.  

&amp;nbsp;  

Also, check out dat boob at 0:34. You're misguided in thinking the US wants this more than Europe.  The US may be a big bully, and "win" more from this deal than Europe, but they're not imposing this on unwilling partners.  Cameron, Merkel, etc. are gunning for this deal, too.   Clayton Cameron's vocal presentation sounds like Bernard Purdie. Gunnm/ Battle Angel Alita had those OAV's, right?  And maybe, (maybe), James Cameron will get around to adapting it once he finishes Avatar...4?  I think?  Probably around the same time we see that del Toro / Monster TV series. YOUR MUM TOLD ME. SHE WISHES HE WAS THE REAL CAMERON SMITH AS MUCH AS YOU DO! 

SHE ALSO SAID THERE'S NO CHANCE OF THAT FAMILY GROUP SEX THING YOU KEEP PUSHING FOR EVER HAPPENING. MIGHT WANT TO GIVE IT A REST. I knew Cameron's reasonable stance on who could vote was too good to be true.

He is just getting more creative with ways to screw us. their [older entrance](http://youtu.be/vsky9BBNZ3g) is even better imo

Or, you could go back [further](http://youtu.be/F5h0WsNH6pI) to when Kenneth Cameron was in Viktor's place Simple yes or no question.

"Cameron is screwing us!"

If your campaign is so weak that it gets defeated because they have to tick no then you haven't got much of a campaign at all. Buenos dias, me gusta papas frías, los bigotes de la cabra Es Cameron Diaz. Interesting note: the only 2011 Tough Enough contestant still on the roster is Cameron and she was eliminated first. I preferred the old incarnation of the Ascension entrance personally, but the new music is pretty sick.  I miss Kenneth Cameron's light glove too. Because Salmond was the head of the governing party in the Scottish parliament, and Cameron is the head of the governing party in the UK parliament. 

For the referendum the UK is to the EU as Scotland was to the UK. Tuesday's Charlie Goodnights is a spit away from cameron vilage.  Charlie Goodnights is btw a full on comedy club.  That appears to be the TD;DR. Oh, and also the fact that Cameron Esposito likes to talk about Tig Notaro and remind us that she's opened for her (I know I've read another article where she tells that same story).  It was great. I'm not sure about the other artists, but Cameron is a great guy and I love his style. I've gotten all of my ink from him and he just keeps getting better. &gt;  Take David Cameron down and protect all the people he's trying to harm. 

... and harm some of the people he's trying to protect.  So I don't know where else to ask this but what's with all this Cameron Smith has two heads business? 5th round draft pick Cameron Artis-Pain, RB, Auburn, was born 6/23/1990

But that was a pretty big outlier, I think your point still stands Mexico represent. Yes I will ransom your father and yes, just ask James Cameron for the money. poor footwork, doesn't climb into pocket, hesitates throw. im not a johnny hater by any means, but he's got some work to do.     
       
good catch by jordan cameron tho I'm a mega ascension mark and have been for years 




YAHHHHHHH


TD RICK VIKTOR

KONNOR


(Shoutout to Kenneth Cameron and OG Ascension ) Jordan Cameron haha, Rob Housler should be just as effective if not more due to actually playing whole seasons. 87

Wallace, Mariota, Gordon, Tulloch, Cameron

 123 
Melvin Gordon, Mariota, Wallace, Cromartie, Cameron. Cameron's a Dolphin.  This is like in '09-'10, when Annie Le was murdered and Cameron Dabaghi killed himself by jumping off of the Empire State Building.  228 

Mariota
Wallace
Gordon
Cameron
Tulloch

Thanks dude! 264

Jordan Cameron

Steven Tulloch

Rodney Hudson

Thai Turner

Anthony Barr

 &gt; ~~Maroon~~ fans there.

Cameron Smith fans Oh Cameron me love you long time

$5 get you suckee suckee

Ohhh yes Cameron 233 any of your Wrs Marcus mariota or Jordan Cameron Not a hope in hell whilst we have Cameron being the prize prat he is. Until he realizes how much money he can put in his pocket with all the tax money he would get.

We have shit politics. Yeah, but Avatar will be remembered for its groundbreaking use of 3D, CGI, motion capture. James Cameron really doesn't seem to care about making a lasting movie, he's about the exploration! Weird that the EU are defending British values of privacy against Cameron. I LOVE the sweetest thing! It is the movie that made me really appreciate cameron diaz Wasn't the guy who helped shape these porn filters for the Cameron government arrested for being a pedophile? Odyssey makes great putters as well. They are probably in the top 2 next to Scotty Cameron (Titleist) when it comes to Tour players.
 247 is my number. Players I want (in order) are Mariota, Gordon, Wallace, Watkins and Cameron.  Um, the conservative party has been in power for years and just got reelected in a landslide. Cameron then shortly announced that they will try to limit freedom of speech...for safety. Europe has 50 countries, so it's normal that several of those will have short presidents. David Cameron, for example, is a tall one.

Anyway, I think appearance (including being tall) is much more important in American politics than in Europe. I want to like The Ascension but I am still a little bitter about Kenneth Cameron getting himself fired. The old Ascension with the menacing music and the pointless yelling was my favorite.

But it's okay, I'm slowly starting to forget that incarnation. We don't really have any toolsy outfielders from Georgia in the system, so I'd have to go with Daz Cameron. China Millionaire Review http://www.reddit.com/r/CameronDownes [Cameron Hodge](http://i.imgur.com/P6gavnf.jpg) Billy Slater

Cameron Smith

Greg Inglis

Johnathan Thurston.

Yes. From /u/McFairyOx

&gt;Billy Slater

&gt;Cameron Smith

&gt;Greg Inglis

&gt;Johnathan Thurston. &gt; At the end of the day welfare reform is coming, even if Cameron has to ram it down our throats personally.

Yep it'll either be directly implemented from London or done by a civil servant. Either way, it's happening. stop voting for dave Cameron and his idiots would have helped ?
 Disappointing, but expected. In my opinion the status quo should always be the No side as you are voting against the proposals but I can understand why Cameron wants it this way. However, I don't think this will affect the vote at all. Definitely. The 2% target must be met and Cameron is in for a hard time if he doesn't try and meet it.


 http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jan/03/david-cameron-internet-porn-filter-censorship-creep
seems like a country that could use a more little freedom FUCKING RIGGED

THAT KID HAS OBVIOUSLY BEEN PAID BY CAMERON SMITH &gt; then there's everyone else who couldn't care less.

When I heard James Cameron talking about Avatar's making say "It's not motion capture, it's *emotion capture*" I threw up in my mouth a little. Me too, and most people either don't care or don't know.

My facebook wall went crazy when cameron wanted to allow hunting again but few people seem to care about out own privacy championsuggest: euw james cameron The EU have defended us from Cameron before, it's just that our domestic rags don't usually have the intelligence or political reason to tell us about it. Yes, but he also supports him remaining in power. The UK could suffer from this unknownish status in the EU, i don't think Cameron would allow that to reflect poorly on his government's position.  man... you have a monarchy... which appoints religious officials to government positions. and cameron in office. man, you guys are so passive Cameron Smith shaved when he got off the bus Would just like to share this. 
https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-mp-allow-16-and-17-year-old-citizens-to-vote-in-the-eu-referendum

Now the gov site is down this is our next best option... Someone needs to fire Cameron Mizell, he fucked The Word Alive's album too.

Edit: Also holy shit Brian Hood is doing the remixing! He produces ERRA and Invent, Animate so we can be fairly certain that this reissue will sound sick! Nope, it's the Last Airbender vs. James Cameron thing all over again.

The cunts cannot keep their names straight "Release him! Not you Cameron, you stick around as long as you want bro." &gt; "In political and moral terms, Mr Cameron is staring at catastrophe." 

And that is from the Telegraph. &gt; "In political and moral terms, Mr Cameron is staring at catastrophe."

And that is from the Telegraph. I'd like to meet Chad's Niger friend, Cameron. What the fucking shit is wrong with your country. Is this was Cameron wants to do to mine? Fuck America, I want closer to the EU. We can keep the ceremony without all the 'formal' powers the monarchy have. [David Cameron took away the Queen's power to dissolve Parliament for example](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fixed-term_Parliaments_Act_2011), without taking away the ceremony.  If Cameron still intended to negotiate more opt-outs for the UK, then the wording would be different. The signals from across the Channel are clear, many countries don't want to open a can of worms therefore he had to backtrack. Charlie Cameron in the WA State guernsey it looks like Fiddling with the constitution and major institutions of power is Cameron's speciality. Leaves more time for 'chillaxing' that way. no budget too steep, no sea too deep, WHO'S THAT? ITS HIM! James Cameron But the people won't know this when Cameron comes back waving his reforms and blowing on his trumpet--the public are overwhelmingly sheep-like. Now we know why James Cameron went down there. To search for the Marinara. I'm pretty certain Cameron has always said that he's in favour of staying in the EU, so it's hardly 'coming out' in defence of staying in the EU. Slim majority, it's going to be interesting to see if they can push stuff through, they haven't got a lot of leeway for controversial things and Cameron has not got control of his back benchers. The renegotiation would happen before the referendum. Of course the EU will give Cameron nothing. IGN: clax

1. Champion: WM leader of the 4 horseman Flair
2. Superstar #1: WM Flair
3. Superstar #2: Fusion Pro Leg Zigg
4. Superstar #3: Pro Leg Booker T
5. Superstar #4: Pro Leg Ambrose
6. Diva: Pro SV Cameron
7. Total: 43205 I started in 2004 or so I believe. Can't remember the first fic but it was for House, M.D., either House/Cuddy or House/Cameron. Eventually shifted ships to House/Wilson (the only pairing I ever wrote fic for). thanks for the kind words didn't expect to get any feedback just wrote to practice but thank you. /u/camerondare your video on how to deal with cravings is so simple yet so effective thank you for that!   Pictures of David Cameron naked? If James Cameron wasn't so in love with the ocean he would have colonized Mars already. Titanic 2 perhaps? The space cruise ship that couldn't crash. Canada voted in Harper, the UK Cameron.  Maybe next election the people will smarten the fuck up. The people voted for Cameron, so we have only ourselves to thank or blame for that. There are no longer any hereditary peers in the lords, and the royal family is only able to interact with the government in a ceremonial way. Perhaps you should fact check your own points before looking for people's opinions or some 'gigantic divide'? Particularly this idea that Cameron wants us out of the EU. Sorry to hear that pal. I'm scared for our freedoms now that Cameron's getting rid of human rights act &gt; Cameron may not, but the Tories do.

Evidence?

And I love the "You as a country democratically voted in the Tories while we did not." More pompous 'you voted for them, we didn't'. You should farm a Decameron (dark salamander) next Monday. Mine is only lvl 30 and hits for 20k on the water boss.

You can also find a different monster who hits based on the enemy's max hp (I think fire griffon does?). Guy is going to show up with a box with a button and Cameron Diaz. Congrats OP, you're about to be in a shitty movie. One goes down one pops up....One goes down one pops up....and so on and so on...are you listening Cameron,it doesnt work Wright to your mp. First past the post has the tiny upside of having locally accountable members. Cameron has a majority of two. That means if only two mps rebel and obstain he's going to have a very hard time getting things passed.  &gt; Did you really want our economy and public spending in the hands of Ed Balls

Over Osborne and Cameron, yes.  Cameron/May definitely learned the wrong lesson from Snowden. Exactly. David Cameron is just continuing and building on what Thatcher, Blair and Brown have continued doing. Both main parties in the UK are to blame for this. it's just that the Conservatives aren't afraid to be that much worse.  Sounds good. Any other monsters I should be looking out for in weekly SDs other than Bella?

Edit: Also, how should I rune Decameron? dat scene with cameron diaz and applegate in the car faking going down on her &lt;3 &lt;3 You know what gets me high? David Cameron. 

So, when can we expect a ban? She's just awful.

I'll take career advice from Joe Piscopo over Cameron Esposito. In all fairness, the article claims the party leaders (Including Cameron, the prime minister) were against the rises in pay. At this point, Cameron could sodomized a child in full view of every citizen of the UK and the only thing that would happen is a coverup. The radical right cancer has metastasized and spread to your land. Cameron Crowe. Sounds like the Tories alright. F**k David Cameron and every blind fool who voted for him.  only thing I head was the people giving out about the lack of native actors?

but I fucking hate cameron crowe with a passion

the guy seems to think like an infantilized hipster  Fun fact, David Cameron was critical of the war on drugs, and probably a supporter of drug legalisation, back when he was a backbencher in the early 2000s.

Now, he's playing the 'tough on drugs' line. Funny how high offices do that to people. Either take Avengers spot at third or surpass James Cameron ancho to number 1. For any one interested, I recommend watching James Cameron documentary on the Bismark expedition: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woDk-H4ZOLY (~1.5hrs long) Anche la mia era una citazione di Luttazzi, è la frase a causa della quale hanno fatto chiudere Decameron. [Where's James Cameron when you need him?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ol9nTzDnFAE) Did they ever adjust James Cameron's Aquaman gross after the blackout in LA county? Plonker! Prat! Tart!

/sings"David Cameron's a wanker"totuneofsevennationarmy Blair wasnt much more left wing than Cameron. He started privatisation of the NHS IIRC NvB in West Perth, Charlie Cameron in WA U18, can't say I recognise the other ones. Not as long the UK is playing hard-to-get. Thanks Cameron. Here is hoping for a James Cameron live-action version of One Piece movie staring Justin Bieber as Luffy!! :D What runes do you have on your Decameron? Receivers.  They were right in the middle of the pack last season with YPG so I would say they are decent. 

Edit:  Both Austin and Gabriel had more receiving yards than Cameron.  It's porn Cameron. Just porn.... We beat them regularly. Haven't won against us since that Cam Cameron game, I think.  God dammit Cameron why are you posting on Wreddit? Shouldn't you be, um... 

Okay I don't even know how to finish that joke because I have no clue what Cameron even does anymore. The added bonus of Cameron the PM being outdone by an MEP from the same party would do wonders for the cause too.  &gt; David Cameron says he has the porn filters switched on at home

Sexual frustration leads to aggression. Somebody please take the nukes from this man. Sounds like non-consensus thought to me. Summon David Cameron and his enforcers.  deposited lvl 5 male shroomish for kyurem IGN: Cameron it was updated 4 hours ago. I expect that fixed it. See: https://github.com/cameroncondry/cbc-kitten-scientists/commits/master Cameron has been putting up some huge numbers lately too. Didn't how he trained out of there.   ~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron, the United Kingdom "For too long, we have been a passively tolerant society, saying to our citizens 'as long as you obey the law, we will leave you alone'" - David Cameron.

You literally couldn't make this up. It's terrifying. Of course, that convention was there for their own protection as much as anyone else's. This opens them up to retaliation the very moment a Labour government gets back into power. Cameron is abysmally short sighted. It's based on the announced intentions of Cameron and Co. Not steel beams. &gt;Thanks Cameron.  
  
*His name is James, James Cameron*  
*The bravest pioneer*  
*No budget too steep, no sea too deep*  
*Who's that?*  
*It's him, James Cameron*   Mike Cameron esque? Hammerin' Cameron! [David Cameron, this afternoon.](http://d1lalstwiwz2br.cloudfront.net/images_users/tiny_mce/kboyer309/php6Pba3k.jpeg) We were talking about the mike cameron 4 hr game a little bit down below, here's the video of it, love the standing O the CWS fans gave MC  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7TCEifXjrY Rosa
Cameron
Heath Slater 
Hornswaggle 
Layla
  Cameron's GONE imho, and good riddance to her. That's all I could think of, seeing as Slater is on a roll of jobbing and Zack Ryder got a US match. Make the most of it while you can, not long until Cameron and his cronies sell it off. My MP is David Cameron, can't see this happening sadly Yeah and once Cameron Cuffy for the West Indies for a man of the match for a low economy rate (also an awesome name)  I wish James cameron was our prime minister :( Cameron is no saint but privatising the NHS isn't even remotely on the Conservative agenda. Heck, they pledged another £8bn to it. Thank you.  I think as we reported the failure of Prime Minister Cameron to back the use of force was a contributing factor, but it is hard to know all that was on the president's mind.  Clearly he was cautious.  Some believe overly so.   Cameron missed hella time due to concussions and a shoulder injury tho We want to see Cameron's birth certificate!11!""22 You're European, yes? England has elected David Cameron for the fifth time in a row, and Saudi Arabia is a theocratic monarchy that practices outright slavery. You tell me what century *they're* in. Cameron Rupp is terrible Unless it also says,  "Designed by James Cameron."  Nah, this were on t'news mate. David Cameron *conservative* prime-minister of The United Kingdom. Cameron Landry in PPR. Otherwise, possibly Stills or Parker veeeery late on. I'm considering rolling with Cameron as my TE pending how things develop, but I'm undecided yet I personally like Dwayne Allen and Owen Daniels a lot more than Ertz.  Also Cameron, Gates, Witten, Walker, and Hill are all slightly above Ertz in my book. Geoff Cameron for Stoke Actually I'm pretty sure Cameron Stewart designed the new batgirl costume. But Tarr is great.  Growing up was the villain, if there even was one.   

Or maybe Cameron's dad.   

But certainly not Ferris, and Rooney was just an antagonist.  I heard stories that David Cameron diddles children as a form of stress relief when he is faced with a tough decision.

 Unlikely. Isn't it shown that a lot of people vote for the most likeable leader pretty much regardless of the party policies? Labour had no chance with Cameron Vs Miliband. Blair is the reason that Labour ruled the 90's It really depends on who we get. For example a top 10 talent like Johnson will probably get a spot, a cameron payne talent will probably be stashed.  /u/MonksWithSticks are you a member of Cameron's Facebook forum too or did you get the image elsewhere? I post all of these on Instagram too. Cameron4william Reminds me of James Cameron's Avatar EDIT - Formatting (Still horrible) and it's Naomi not Cameron! Woah never knew Cameron wrote the screenplay for Rambo: First Blood part 2. That's awesome. Cameron is obsessed with my wanking habits. I dislike him very much.  I dont know about any but having already been through college and d league he is probably better and  more nba ready than most pg prospects. Put cameron payne and christon on this team and semaj would make more of an impact actually i think cameron payne is gonna be just like damian lillard. What, like Web Cameron? Not the cartoon. The James Cameron movie. ah you are right, Cameron did the initial design and Babs designed a lot of the suit details.

Babs did all the clothing/enemy designs so I assumed as much for Batgirl as well Not very well since Cameron let me back out into the real world to save spending on mental health &gt;:D On the one hand, I feel bad for Britain that they’re stuck with another 5 years of Cameron shittiness. On the other hand, maybe it’s worth it, since people like you will probably perish of anemia, starvation, or angst. [I'm not at all sorry for this terible pun.](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0081400/)

Maybe we'll be able to get James Cameron to make a much better version. Ryan Cameron It's easier to die than to watch someone die - Dr. Alison Cameron

• Cameron, Chase and Foreman come in House's office to report on a failed test on some patient -

"We've got rectal bleeding"

"What, all of you?" Yes, but then they'd have been approved by the majority of voters. Miliband was trashed for his 35% strategy, but Cameron won with a 37% strategy. Fact is that *nobody* expected a majority, not even the Tory top brass.  David Cameron was steeling himself for phone calls and deals with other parties to form his coalition... didn't need to. Enjoy David Cameron you poor Anglosmucks. I pity you and we did 8 years under Bush.  why this is a different topic. i'm comparing cameron payne to other 2 nba players. Obviously Cameron. If you're talking friendlies I recall Zelalem starting a friendly or two in Pre-season for Arsenal. I think he started the match against NYRB last summer.  Rosa. Ryder. Cameron. Brad Maddox.

I seriously think Sandow is getting close, but maybe not one of the next few. Unless they give him a shot in NXT first. That saddens me to say. Wait Cameron is in the divas match? I thought it was Nikki/Paige/Naomi I loved house. I wish it went on forever but bringing back the origina crew with cuddy, foreman, chase, and Cameron. Those were the days. I couldn't stand the Asian girl. Taub was good and 13, wel duh. But I liked he original crew.  That Cameron burns is ducky sweer Oh my god this looks amazing! Was getting an old school Ridley Scott, James Cameron feel to it.  You say bland, boring and predictable as if those are bad things.

She's hard working, determined and strong. I'd take her over Cameron any day. True but still a fair few years with hos bum on that seat. Since parliament started being televised in 1990 I've seen him berating [Thatcher] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvqvbRusStk), Major and Cameron from there.  Why do the Clevelands get compared to the Camerons so often? Is it the milled face?  They do feel similar but I find that the Cleveland has a considerably softer feel than the Camerons I tried. See, that question was easy when Cameron Ling was playing.   Cameron's son was severely disabled. He died. Do you really think he would sell off the NHS when it helped him for years. (Not hating btw) Anyone remember this one? 

http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/nov/13/david-cameron-austerity-public-sector-cuts

 You are right. I should have written Cameron Crowe in the header. And let's not forget: Cameron really, *really* didn't like the SMF finale. try installing a plugin for chrome like Hola. there used to be this one called "bye bye cameron" too Booker T cos wtf commentary man..

Cameron cos her twitter is full of suddenly non wwe stuff.

And no one else because they've got huge talent down with various injuries, for lengthy amounts of time.


Again.




 Cameron Payne, is that you? Jameis Winston (#1 overall draft pick in the 2015 NFL draft)  

Also Cameron Wake (Superstar DE of the Miami Dolphins)  I'm with you. Not hating on Scotty Camerons but I genuinely have the same question.  I had my lowest amount of putts on a Cameron copy. There must be something to this design! James Cameron is clearly a Master. But there are actual differences in purchasing a Camry vs a BMW. Points can be made... Are there any for the Cameron? What about Bettinardis? I'm saving Brie for a SV fusion, I have a SV Cameron that I just received from KotR and a SV in the works right now, if it's a Nikki(hopefully) Cameron goes into the chamber with Brie The first part of the Decameron is about the Black Death, which Boccaccio did witness.  Cameron is a Gaelic name as well Me cameron :p It's from Aliens, an extremely iconic science fiction movie by James Cameron.

You need to stop what you're doing and go watch Alien(1979) and then Aliens(1986). cameron can i join?? Cameron me nerd i have no faction I live in a conservative area and their party benefits me more, if Miliband was conservative party leader i would be behind him. 

Cameron is kind of a dick, but less of a dick than Miliband, at least in my opinion. David Cameron Yea. I had the same reaction.

I'm writing it out as Cameron Mythology. True or not, he's just a great person and I don't think it's worth even hearing what's going on in the background. Just be surprised when stuff does happen. Can we call James Cameron to raise the bar again? cameron am i aloud to join this map? Get on the set of "There's Something About Mary" 


Give Cameron Diaz my personal hair gel. James Cameron would like to have a word with you I always wanted to visit the UK when I was younger. But these past few years, **damn**. Is all this shit just from Cameron? I'm completely uneducated on this topic and all I see is stuff on /r/worldnews that sounds more ridiculous each week. **Carey Fukunaga leaves ‘It’, Channing Tatum reveals details on ‘Gambit’, Hawaiians are telling Cameron Crowe ‘Aloha’, A$AP Rocky orgies it up at SXSW, and Johnny Depp’s gets death threat from Australia’s Prime Minister.** Ill just leave this here (David Cameron's party conference rap video)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YBumQHPAeU Daz Cameron-Kyle tucker [Meanwhile the UK is eager to play it's part to ensure peace in Ukraine](http://cdn1.theweek.co.uk/sites/theweek/files/styles/theweek_article_main_image/public/david_cameron_0.jpg?itok=npVrpDu3) Cameron Todd Willingham demonstrates the worthiness of that statement. David Cameron voted to go to war with Iraq.  James Cameron is Aquaman? And Ken Clarke was talking shit as usual. David Cameron a nationalist? Pull the other one... David Cameron visited Manchester embracing this cringeworthy 'hug a hoodie' shite, but was met with disdain: http://www.independent.co.uk/migration_catalog/article5212851.ece/alternates/w620/pg-12-click-bang-getty.jpeg Maybe if our greedy sociopathic politicians didn't keep bombing these peoples homes they wouldn't feel the need to seek asylum. Blair and Cameron need stringing up Cameron's Britain.  Thanks so much man! I actually just added a whole lot more! Let me know what you think! 
https://soundcloud.com/cameronfrittz/0528-cameronf I just added a lot more to the song and am still really looking forward to your vocal ideas! 
https://soundcloud.com/cameronfrittz/0528-cameronf 

Theres the updated link!  Knowing Cameron it's probably just pandering to the feminist vote. He literally has no substance whatsoever and is purely interested in pandering and handing out cookies to various groups to win him or his party votes. Are you David Cameron? So I added a bunch more and am curious what you think because you had great advice last time! https://soundcloud.com/cameronfrittz/0528-cameronf His name is James, James Cameron the bravest pioneer,no budget too steep no sea to deep, who's that, it's him James Cameron The idea is that it would be neither the status quo nor all-in membership. Cameron's job over the next two years is to renegotiate and try to reform the EU in a way which would allow him to win the referendum to stay in. According to me the list should be

1. Val Kilmer
2. James Cameron
3. James Woods
4. Matt Damon
5. Marky Mark Wahlberg

Also shoutout to Scarlett Johansson, Brady and Dr. Joyce Brothers (LOL, Remember that!)

 You think. Unless you're Robert Ballard to James Cameron, I doubt you've ever done this... &gt;David Cameron is to warn European leaders Britain will vote to leave the EU unless they agree to his reforms

~~Good riddance~~ Bye The trade unions are the 5th columnist enemy within! They are linked to the muslamic radical religionists! This is just the beginning, we must stop providing subsidies to old people too! save this country from communism cameron! if we extended human rights to our reptillian overlords this wouldn't even be an issue. can you blame the likes of cameron, milliband and our whore lizard queen for feeling excluded? Comparing David Cameron to ISIS. I'm lost for words. Some people need a reality check. You know the Hammers are West Ham, not Aston Villa - right?

I think I've found David Cameron's reddit. David Cameron did right? Loves a bandwagon Oh you're right, so it's another of these Cameron-esque negotiations, asking for something we already have and then going "see, look how they are bowing to my will".  Funny how Tories like Cameron and Thatcher love(d) to extol the virtues of an arm's length state where spending money is concerned, but are/were quite happy to take a heavy handed approach on things like porn and drugs and homosexuality in schools.  Thornberry is Labour, I don't think Cameron has anything to do with this one. Although they probably equally regard the public as gullible and ignorant. Fuck David Cameron with a piece of slightly undercooked broccoli because he's a cunt.  I hate when Cameron talks football, so cringey. I remember the World Cup in 2010 when he described Germany as "slotting another one past our lads".  
  
Still, always good to have a person in power backing a worthy cause! And make everyone hate them. Cameron could piss on a tramp and it would draw attention, but not the sort he wants. Yeah, Cameron had similar views too before he got into high office.

I won't get excited until someone who actually gets into power comes out in favour of reform. Signed. Thanks Cameron for making me unable to go to Uni and taking my unemployed mum's disability benefit.  Disagree with him on almost everything policy related, but I'd rather have him over almost any other Tory. You can respect the man, unlike Camerons cronies.  I back calls for you to quit Cameron you insipid toad Yeah, but that is absolutely moronic. You can say David Cameron is a bigger threat than Hitler, Pol Pot and Stalin because they're all fucking dead. It's a stupid thing to say, David Cameron jumping on a populist bandwagon? Well I never Is Cameron the devil? Rutte on the left and Cameron on the right, by the way.  since when was the fact that david cameron is a motherfucker newsworthy? most politicians are motherfuckers, it's the most stupidly obvious thing. i find it amazing how you thought a party with theresa may, geogre osborne and david cameron in would be less authoritarian than Labour. The same party that tried to pass the snoopers charter "Eventually, David Cameron succeeds in taking power away from Brussels."  David Cameron is such a piece of shit. Taking rights away left and right then acts like he has room to talk on corruption. Which pg do we draft? Not a fan of them other then maybe cameron payne but still skeptical... I mean I could draw a picture of David Cameron with a literal penis for a head, and it would be a message understood by everybody. Wouldn't make it biting social commentary.  Cameron's movies are actually a 3 hour long commercial for all the technology he gets custom designed with lots of his personal input in order to film them in the first place.

He then licenses the shit out of them to all the other Hollywood players. This is so brilliantly predictable.

&gt; UK Prime Minister David Cameron is calling for Mr Blatter to resign. 

&gt; Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed Mr Blatter for a fifth term. &gt; UK Prime Minister David Cameron is calling for Mr Blatter to resign. Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed Mr Blatter for a fifth term.

Somehow that doesn't surprise me. I personally don't think Cameron wants to behead people in the street. Which course is better in your opinion...Cameron Park? or Brazos Park East (The BEAST)?  I am heading down there soon. Wanna make it a good trip. That's a shame. I really enjoyed season 1 and Cameron was my least favorite character, so the bigger focus on her this season is worrisome for me. Nothing new here, Cameron has been anti-Blatter his whole premiership. DON'T WORRY GUYS! David Cameron's here to save the day. 










fml. &gt; Still, always good to have a person in power backing a worthy cause!

True.

Fuck Cameron anyway. Cameron is an Idiot First Class. But that fellow urging him on is a complete and total asshole. 

I don't believe he actually swallowed the gas, if he had it would likely have killed him. This was painful to watch. A good well known example would be David Cameron.  That "Senior Source" is either Mundell or Cameron. 

And anyway, Carmichael also said he didn't know anything about it.  Putin is hilarious, we need to call his bluff:

"David Cameron declares Russia should go ahead with the World Cup"

"Putin declares Russia should not go ahead with the World Cup" https://www.google.es/search?q=david+cameron+cartoon+guardian&amp;es_sm=91&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=hiBnVY_dAvT7sATW-oKgCQ&amp;ved=0CAcQ_AUoAQ&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=653

The guardian thinks otherwise ;) NOOOOOOOOOO PLLS NO ACCEPT HIM CAMERON T_T People shouldn't have voted Cameron back in then. cant shameron the cameron I'm guessing if David Cameron backed Blatter, Vladimir Putin would have asked for his resignation. I can't imagine Cameron has ever set foot in a public toilet, unless it was for some Bullingdon dare. If anything it'll probably be Avatar 2 just because James Cameron seems to get energy from people doubting him.  If FIFA had been able to do that we wouldn't be in this mess to begin with. I may never say this again, but: Go David Cameron! Cameron Payne It's obviously not comparing them. He's saying ISIS isn't a threat to us, they're far away and aren't sending terrorists over here to attack us or anything like that.

Cameron *is* here and *is* a massive threat to 'British values' accept this kid cameron I don't agree with everything David Cameron, but this I can't agree with him more on this subject! accepted, me and cameron will contact everyone with communication soon. deposited lvl 5 female shroomish for kyurem IGN: cameron vouch. cameron pick him up~ I'm sure that if Blatter does quit then Cameron has the connections to get him a sweet cushy job on the Board of Directors at his beloved Burnley FC. Thanks Cameron! David Cameron. I back calls for David Cameron to quit Mr. Cameron? I can make a water droplet sound with my mouth, like Cameron in *Ferris Bueller's Day Off.* Why would they care to filter it?
You have a choice. Either you are a David Cameron|Theresa May clone, or you are a terrorist. Make your choice citizen. Never thought I'd agree on something with Cameron...then again I think almost everyone wants Blatter to step down, aside from the heads of the AFC, CAF and CONCACAF football associations whom Blatter puts money into pockets. Yeah sure but DAE hate Cameron?? XD /s someone needs to hack Cameron and start releasing his private information. People on my facebook were going off on Cameron like he was literally the second coming of Hitler.

Pretty jokes really.  Michael Gove, not Cameron if thats what you think I meant. Gove is a waste of space... one of only 2 Secretaries of Justice in history to not actually be qualified for the job or even have a legal background. It's becoming increasingly annoying seeing people assume that everyone that dislikes Cameron is a huge fan of Miliband. Does anyone have any thoughts to who would take over? Would they hire a new coach and move Dave Cameron as GM or hire a new GM? 1) Ruttes pin is missing
2) Camerons chest pocket is gone
3) Camerons suit collar button whole is gone
4) Camerons suit jacket button is gone
5) White stuff in the background gone.  Vouch Cameron pick him up [I get Cameron Diaz frequently](http://i.imgur.com/JAIaC1Z.jpg) they are brits - its "the cool thing" atm in britain to be an asshole to this people so news is filled with this

i find this disgusting - and i hope eu show cameron middlefinger and we let leave the brits.
 We need a rule.

Something like "if the originals director is still alive.. don't remake it."

Poor Kathryn Bigelow.  She deserves better then to have her directoral debut after divorcing James Cameron remade.  It was perfect, they can only screw it up. Next up 'David Cameron takes a shit on your family' &gt;East Cameron Folklore

*East Cameron Folk Corps*. Everyone's always fucking up their name, and it's so easy. Anyone who hasn't seen them needs to.  Don't care fuck Cameron  &gt;In 2014 Cameron then issued monetary assistance to France to help curb it because it was seriously getting out of hand.


And France complained that the money was being spent on security/fence rather than the town's image... His form is far from bad!    Cameron is a great shooter to try and imitate.   They're comparing the threat, which is totally different from comparing the people. ISIS are not really affecting the mass UK population's life, but David Cameron's attacks on personal liberties are. Well thanks for that, Cameron will make it illegal now [Pasolini's Decameron](https://youtu.be/v3Yq9RY-CQ4) A stopped clock's right twice a day. I don't like Cameron and didn't vote for him, but I'm still on his side when he does the right thing. Well at least Cameron doesn't look like Wallace. Phoenix selects Cameron Payne.

Not sure if we going to next pick or the other format?

/u/jpamuser /u/mcb25 Well I guess I agree with David Cameron for once (second time actually, I despise him overall but his view on marriage equality was correct). Cameron's a Nobhead and Shud quit too.

Band wagon hopping mug [The Economist explains: What David Cameron wants from Europe](http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/05/economist-explains-29) I was gonna say a Divas match but I wouldn't mind watching the Divas forever. Except for Cameron. Fuck Cameron. Not Keith Law, but [here's Kiley McDaniel's mock draft.](http://www.fangraphs.com/blogs/2015-mlb-mock-draft-v2-0/) He's got the Cubs taking high school center fielder Daz Cameron.  RE1 – 3-4 – M25 Cameron Jordan

RE2 – 4-3 – TOTY Mario Williams
 Nah, Cameron hates BBM as it had a role in the London riots. I believe those kind of stories are categorized as Bizarro. Example:

http://www.amazon.com/Ass-Goblins-Auschwitz-Cameron-Pierce-ebook/dp/B002ZVPSL8/ref=tmm_kin_swatch_0?_encoding=UTF8&amp;sr=&amp;qid= Can't wait for Cameron to start his campaign for us to stay in. You are correct, I forgot to add "after divorcing James Cameron". Unfortunately David Cameron (the British prime minister) said that fox hunting is his favourite sport. Watch him squirm when asked about it on live TV http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Dhobep9X6Ns Not really. Cameron will still say he got all the reforms he wanted and try (and likely succeed) to pull the wool over the publics eyes. They appear to have made their decision already. Shows Cameron up big time. They are basically saying to the British our way or the highway. They are ready to kick on with their project.  I've haven't seen it either, I find James Cameron hit or miss, Kate Winslet really annoys me for some reason as well.  Cameron Diaz used to be a porn star, don't have a link but it'll be easily found on google methinks. I didn't vote for Cameron, but if the majority of the country voted for him, he represents British values. Perhaps the British people aren't as fuzzy and cuddly as you thought? its a poor mans Scotty Cameron, you can get the brand new for £40 pound! Just save up for a bit and you will be there my friend!  Miliband was derided for his 35% strategy, but a 37% strategy worked just fine for Cameron.  Won my WM KOTR, got WM Cameron,  the only diva that doesn't pair, then to rub it in I got SV Cameron as well fdtj g ffvfdggbdbrbrntktirududjtnybwtneymuemurmehnaf Perhaps the majority of people didn't vote for Cameron..... Wrong, that has nothing to do with that film created by James Cameron [This is why he wouldn't serve a full term...](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/03/29/uk-britain-politics-cameron-idUKKBN0MP0SF20150329) You're confusing James Cameron's Avatar with M. Night Shyamalan's The Last Airbender. Is this Cameron Diaz? David Cameron does something right - "Lol he's on a bandwagon!" 

Government does something wrong - "FUCK DC HE'S A FUCKING CUNT!" &gt;  I would literally bet $100 Avatar doesn't outgross the original. 

Betting against James Cameron? Risky.  As this sub has grown the irrational hatred of James Cameron that exists in /r/movies has slowly taken root here. Don't sweat about it, I find James Cameron's box office numbers will say more than any critics of him ever will.  Maines Cameron How bad are we talking? Beltran Cameron bad? No I'm not linking the video, because it's that bad. Could this be it? 

Cameron J. - High and Low https://youtu.be/caP4vQKqBDU See: Current Prime Minister: Cameron the Cunt. I don't know, it sounds like it'd actually be sort of difficult to make it a penis and make it look like david cameron.

Edit: That may take the take for weirdest things in my post history, now. Kyle Gibson, Mike Wright, Roark, and Bolsinger are guys I picked up in the past week in a 14 team.  

Offense:  Cameron Maybin, Burns, maybe Justin Turner ([but be aware of his splits](http://espn.go.com/mlb/player/splits/_/id/29607/justin-turner)) Thank you very much.

Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron of the United Kingdom Steve Bell in the Guardian literally draws David Cameron as a condom in a suit. Both comparing Cameron to ISIS and Miliband to Saville. Poor Cameron.  Just doesn't know when to quit. Well... we could. Send Cameron Flemming in. Like Cameron's ddt?  David cameron and his cabinet of tory bastards. The most disproportionate parliament for nearly a century was apparently too proportional for Cameron. He's planning to implement "reforms" that would have given his 24% of the electorate upto a 50 seat majority. Simon Dean. Just kidding, that would be amazing.

Cameron. I think they'd take Jay if he fell to them. There's less risk with Jay than most pitching prospects because he's so MLB-ready. Plus the need of a lefty. 

If not, I'm hoping for a high-upside high school hitter. Daz Cameron or Garrett Whitley, maybe?  All hail Cameron #torymasterrace David Cameron - cunt of the highest order. Nope, got a job at Cameron Park Zoo Really!? 13 is the one who's bothering you!? when there's an annoying self-righteous Cameron always objecting to everything even if means to kill the patient.  is it just Cameron in this or am I blind? I’ll watch it, but focus on software and Cameron(who I never really liked all that much) takes away from the excitement I had for it.  And I'm sure Cameron is just as clean as Blatter. Cameron Diaz was in a low budget softcore porno before she became famous. looks like Cameron Diaz Why Cameron and Whitley &gt; Tucker and Clark? There is no chance in hell I would take Cameron with the 9th overall pick. I don't know that much about Whitley but it's hard to believe he has a higher upside than Tucker.  its fake, thats Cameron Dallas in the pic Kirk Cameron will be on the scene shortly with a banana to set the record straight. Ed Balls has a first class bachelors in economics from Oxford University, and a masters from Harvard University.
George Osbourne has a second class bachelors in history from Oxford, and went to school with Cameron Pretty sure the EU will have something to say about this as well. As long as Cameron doesn't spin it into the EU bullying Britain again...  Probably like Cameron with his "I'm a Villa fan" rubbish. Probably never watched a game in his life &gt; Stewart - Whittaker?

Cameron Artis Payne, IIRC, is the backup.

And then there's Tolbert. In this article they mention that Emma Stone is playing Allison Ng who is quarter Hawaiian. And Bradley Cooper insults her Hawaiian heritage. http://www.indiewire.com/article/review-cameron-crowes-aloha-is-shockingly-bad-20150528 In Cameron's car. I'd rather have Blatter and his bribes in my family than Cameron and his blatant covering up of pedophiles if I had to pick one. I'm sure Mr Blatter will listen to Mr Cameron like the rest of the Europeans leaders he has asked to do things.
 Reddit seems to have an irrational hatred of James Cameron.  i love the music, but I fucking hate the production/mixing.  It sounds like Cameron Mizell.  I hate how the tracks sound like their recorded off the radio. 

I prefer a richer, fuller production Doesn't that just encourage Cameron to push for the referendum if they don't consider the requests of the Tories? Another review that looks at the culture of the movie.  Emma Stone is also quarter Chinese http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/05/28/the-unbearable-whiteness-of-cameron-crowe-s-aloha-a-hawaii-set-film-starring-asian-emma-stone.html Can't wait for Eva Marie v Cameron!. To be fair to the poms, Cameron only got 36 percent of the vote. They just have a broke arse electoral system. Kirk Cameron is currently en route from the *Creation Museum* with a fresh banana to set the whole mess straight. The United XXVI brand they have from Cameron Dallas and Nash Grier actually makes pretty sweet clothes tbh.

Edit: All their shirts are like 7-15 bucks which is great
 * Cameron: Count Ref!
* Ref: mmmm she has to have her Back on the mat, not her chest “Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed”
http://www.amazon.com/Ass-Goblins-Auschwitz-Cameron-Pierce/dp/1933929936/ref=pd_sim_sbs_193_5/187-5570639-3204460?ie=UTF8&amp;refRID=0P51GJ3141KRY02SMCCD This time around its an attack on David Cameron by Ed Milliband. David must use his wits to survive... and everyone's favourite mayor, Boris Johnson. Fuck yeah.  Apologies. I'll get James Cameron to convert it.  Expected. Review embargo until like today. I heard the script was below average so I never read it. If it was old school cameron it probably premieres at Sundance or Cannes. James Cameron.

He raises the bar on every movie he directs.  Embargoed until today, no press screenings until this week, no press day at all(because the talent did not want to interview for it). It had stench written all over it. What happened to Cameron Crowe? That's not even the worst they could do. Replace Nikki with Summer, Cameron, Tamina, or Rosa and then we'll talk. No budget too steep, no sea too deep.

Whos that? Whats that? James Cameron! Cameron was clear during the referendum to inform Scotland that we were a "family of nations". This puts us in a slightly different position than say, Yorkshire. No wonder Cameron Diaz looked soo sad while they were dating. &lt;Pssstt&gt; ^David ^^Cameron's ^^^a ^^^^shitcunt Someone get James Cameron, quick! Cameron you should accept VPN who? were talking about Cameron Crowe.  the director of this film.  Cameron Carter Vickers is the one I rate the highest.  Others to look out for are Tommy Thonmpson, Gedion Zelalem, and Rubio Rubin. Yeah it's not that weird now though. Players like Cameron Brannagan and Sam Hart in the LFC academy are both from manchester and ex united youth players Cameron wants to save British society by destroying British society. Looked kinda like Cameron from House in the ones with glasses  Sounds like the writers/director are fans of Cameron Poe from *Con Air* fame. Tamina is not nearly as bad as Rosa Mendes or Cameron. Personally I rate Emerson Hyndman, Cameron-Carter Vickers and Rubio Rubin as our top prospects this cycle.  I always like Cameron Burns' stuff because he chooses great colors and hand pulls his tubing. https://instagram.com/p/2oYaJRPryZ/?taken-by=cameronburnsglass How about you just make those things illegal and let people say 'Cameron eats bollocks' or whatever britbongs say without being backhanded by the bejeweled hand of the law?  So he's the David Cameron of 'Straya. Cameron Maybin has a ridiculous amount of dip in his mouth at all times.  oh my god its you! I'm gonna tag you as "hopelessly obsessed with james cameron" Written and directed by Cameron Crowe. That's not too bad. 

Cast doesn't look to bad, Emma Stone is hot. But this looks like a another run of the mill romantic comedy.

edit: Emma is a little over the top, Rachel Mcadams is sexy as fuck.  It's true... John Key, Stephen Harper, Tony Abbott and David Cameron are the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.  I would take Guadalupe or Congress over 51st between I-35 and Manor any day. It takes several light cycles to get through the light at Cameron and 51st going westbound. Not even close to James Cameron.  And for a while Robert Zemeckis, who has made many more films. They spelled EAST CAMERON FOLKCORE wrong. Derp. When the speaker is standing, no one else should be. Cameron got his arse handed to him last time he did it. Fuck off Cameron AmeriCameron It's like Cameron read Umbridge's speech to the students at Hogwart's and decided to one-up her Thanks for the tip, but I have to save up all my money for the $5 record show at the cameron house on june 6th. It's going to be incredible. It's like Michael Mann, and James Cameron had a love child.

Then, J Michael Strazynski, and John Carpenter had a love child.

Then these two kids got together and had a love child.

Then Glen Larson had a love child with that love child. Cameron said that once the economy has recovered, the budget stays the same. No money goes back to where it was cut from.

That's permanent austerity to me. Reminds me of James Cameron's Avatar That Cameron Payne report killed my buzz for this years draft so I have no thoughts. This looks like Cameron Crowe pulled an Adam Sandler and took a paid vacation with celebrities.  Cameron Rowe loves her some spreadsheets. &gt; you lot

Yeah /r/unitedkingdom was all up in Cameron's panties during the election. Cameron isn't either. I don't like the party but let's not jump to conclusions here. Privatising is shit, but it's not equal to the NHS being eliminated completely. Cameron's Britain m8 I like both really but if I had to choose I'd pick Cameron. The east side is for more advanced  playing longer drives and a couple water hazards.the Brazos  has some ridiculous high water right now, either way enjoy ur game. ;)  My past two pulls have been an Epic Cameron and a Legendary Brie Bella. First good pulls I've had in a while.  *Heavenly Father thank you for yet another year for allowing me to be Kirk Cameron. Oh, and thank you for changing how physics operated the moment humans began to write." Possibly because it's been a long time of covering up and Cameron likely had very little to do with it. Moreover, theres little to suggest that anythings being covered up per se. It's just going to be a long and gruelling investigation.   Buenos dias, me gusta papas frías, los bigotes de la cabra Es Cameron Diaz.

 I've always related to David Cameron. Like myself, he's a smooth operator. Cameron is doing a much better job at tarnishing (even more) the reputation of the Tories than Tony Blair did to the Labour Party.
And in the end, the whole Kingdom pays the price. Some mistakes are recognized immediately. Others, much later. Cameron may seem to be doing a great service to his Nation now (according to most brits), but you may rest assured that he won't go down into history as a great PM.
 Good point.  So you are saying we need a leader who is seen as a 'safe pair of hands'?

Also, how do you *create* that fear factor about the incumbent Cameron? Fuck you David Cameron, banning Nitrous is cruel. Even James Cameron can't raise this bar David Cameron I agree we can't give too much credit to Cameron for standing up to the EU and my hopes aren't high on him getting reform for us, but I think he's showed a bit more spine than New Labour beforehand.  Cameron Jerome you're all mine depending on price ranges Surely this is extremism and not in line with "British Values"....come on Cameron...where are the arrests? I hope you're right, but I doubt it. I wouldn't be surprised if Cameron was reelected after 5 years. Be thankful they are not calling Cameron's attempts to renegotiate with the EU **braggling**. It was the old farts down here. We do have an ageing population, unfortunately  they vote tory. 
My nans reasoning for voting tory? He's ( David cameron) got a nice accent.  It was after those attacks Cameron started talking about the encryption backdoor stuff. He claimed it was to "protect free speech." too amazing, is this video made by James Cameron ? Cameron probably thinks he's standing in the way of his precious West-Ham-Villa. Cameron. James Cameron's Abyss has a few scenes that fit this description.   /u/LFCameron7 said that FIFA sponsors WILL pull out. his other deleted reply was 'are you sure?' with a link to a fortune.com article talking about how FIFA sponsors are being pressured. Diva: Cameron 
Superstar: David Otunga  Alicia Fox, Cameron?

girl bye. Cameron. Hands down.  **2 Months** to Cameron, **1 Month** to Privium for benefitting
 Much like the South Park episode where James Cameron attempts to raise the bar from the bottom of the ocean, we can only really get better from where we currently are. En ja hoor, zoals [voorspeld](http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml) Cameron, Eva Marie, ect. Doesn't work Ah, I never liked Hague til he resigned, his leaving speech was dignified though. I think he'd have made a better leader than Cameron. Believe me, I've heard worse.

Like when Kirk Cameron said God had to exist because bananas come with peels. Definitely, Cameron has more charisma, but Hague was definitely more believable when he spoke. I know you said only one..

Cameron 
Rosa 
Jack Swagger I'll admit national hypochondria is an issue, as is deteriorating health, but to completely dismiss Cameron's hand in the slow demise of the NHS would be folly. &gt;When James Cameron makes movies he can't be bargained with, he can't be reasoned with. He doesn't feel pity! Or remorse or fear and he absolutely will not stop!... ever... until he has raised the bar again!

OK, made me laugh with that one :) Well now you just sound like David Cameron. Difference being one's a majorly influential business man. About as relevant as David Cameron tbh I'd like to know what constitutes the "slow demise of the NHS" in your eyes and also what you believe Cameron has done that has *directly* caused this demise? Hoping Cameron gets fired now that she is no longer on total divas This was an important part of the EU debate in Norway as well, it's interesting how (besides immigration and benefits) some of the demands David Cameron have is that the EU is the exact opposite of what people dislike about the EU elsewhere. Gail is so interesting talking about Reality Bites and Cameron Crowe movies and giggling every time Ronnie breathes.

How could anyone defend this garbage?

AND I LOVE RONNIE!  He has nothing to work with.   *downvotes*

*comes to comment section*

*sees this comment by /u/LFCameron7*

*reads article*

*upvotes* Cameron Wood, I could close faster than that in a room full of nuns. Debts gone up, but the deficit has gone down. I don't agree with everything Cameron has done in regards to the deficit, I think there should have been some small tax increases, and cuts spread over a longer period. James Cameron will raise the bar again!

Also I checked his comment history and, well, dudes into some weird stuff but in pretty sure it isn't a troll account. This isn't really justice porn. For the vast majority of viewers, they're seeing a bunch of pretty little lights in the sky.

If you really want to dig at Cameron, know that there were countless historical inaccuracies regarding the ship itself. I'll say it: I'm gonna miss Cameron on Total Divas. Cameron is not talking nonsense. Many migrants are just exploiting the countries welfare systems for too long already. time to get more efficient in Europe. downvotes

comes to comment section

sees this comment by /u/LFCameron7

sees this comment by /u/v99188

~~reads article~~

upvotes Seven black *male* wrestlers. There's also Naomi, Cameron and Alicia.

And that's not counting NXT. And other non-white races. By only counting black people, you make it sound like WWE isn't very diverse. PO – likes Merkel and Juncker; EPP in the European Parliament

PiS – likes Cameron and Orban; ECR in the European Parliament There are less than a handful of classes that didn't get to see Duke beat UNC in Cameron. Mine was one of them.

All those nights in a tent... If there is one thing I'd like Cameron to achieve its to break ever closer union for all members.

I.e. Sweden Poland etc are no longer obliged to join the euro. Finally a ~~German~~ Bavarian that realises Camerons proposals are pretty much on par with Merkels proposals.

They might as well be from the same party. That's defiantly what Cameron needs to be doing, explain how changes would benefit everyone not just the UK.  Blocked in my country. Thanks Cameron. Truly ZFF. Fuck it, I also like Cameron. Terrible, awful wrestler, but hot as hell. Don't be ridiculous. Putting Cameron and Orban in the same category is plain idiotic. Holding her own in so far as she has conceded on the EU referendum and the benefit cap?

Pretty good quip about being a interim leader like Cameron TBF

 From what I can make out from over here, it's sensible to warn of dangerous David Cameron, regardless of his stance on EU. Dear Brits, you've got a huge fucking problem over there. Not sure if OP did this, butt...

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Which is why Cameron has been hopping around Europe for the past week talking to as many of his counterparts as possible. He knows if he doesn't get a renegotiation he's going to lose the vote in 2017, which no-one wants. Cameron seems to want to make us America. The F-able sleepy eyed Camron Diaz before Cameron Diaz was Cameron Diaz. Yes, the famous Conservative aims to dissolve the establishment and work for socialist aims.

David Cameron is the champion of socialism an the working class alongside Theresa May- the Queen of personal freedoms. "James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron!" -- James Cameron If you could get another Cameron that'd be really good tho. Unless you already have a WM Diva I'll trade you for that Cameron WM I'd kill for those!  I need to Pro my SV Cameron and I've yet to pull a WM Diva His name is James (James) Cameron, the bravest pioneer! No evidence at all that Cameron has been involved in that shitstorm son. Though I will quickly change my stance to agree with you if it turns out he has been. Apparently Cameron got exceedingly pissy when Ellison brought this up. Understandable, I mean T1 put Cameron in the spotlight. Ellison is also a notoriously pissy individual.

I'm sure that conversation went swimmingly. Nothing wrong with talking about James Cameron. He's the undisputed king of the box office and this is /r/boxoffice after all.  Vive la France! What chance do we have that a c*nt like Cameron would back an idea this? so I just finished a survivor Kotr and got Cameron as a reward really don't know how to feel am I meant to be happy because she's a diva and I don't have survivor divas yet or should I just be sad and get rid of her as soon as possible? Cameron I think you're over-egging it a bit. Brown was well on his way out with no help from Cameron, Milliband and Balls are just your run of the mill also-rans, and the Lib Dems were just a total accident. The conservative majority was quite a coup though. [Lizards](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2011/oct/16/charlie-brooker-cameron-a-lizard), the lot of 'em. Going to have to look it up... Ah, Owen Winter, knew it was Owen something.

https://www.change.org/p/david-cameron-reform-our-voting-system-to-make-it-fair-and-representative-makeseatsmatchvotes But then in comes the [proposal to do away with encryption in the name of stopping terror.](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/jan/12/david-cameron-pledges-anti-terror-law-internet-paris-attacks-nick-clegg) Cameron? 73 Joe Thomas

74 Cameron Erving

75 Joel Bitonio Off the top of my head, Leo's worked with Steven Spielberg, Danny Boyle, James Cameron, Sam Mendes, Ridley Scott, Quentin Tarantino, Christopher Nolan, and, of course, Martin Scorsese. Dicaprio is a pretty easy one:

Spielberg 

Cameron

Scorsese 

Tarantino

Ridley Scott

Sam Mendes

Nolan

Eastwood

 No budget too steep no sea to deep! Who's that it's him James Cameron! I concur. Im getting out of this country as soon as I can unless we can wrestle free from cameron's clutching stranglehold. Can I ask why not about Cameron? He was pretty much viewed as the consensus #1 pick in this draft a year ago. Has his stock taken a huge drop? Tom Cruise.

Paul Thomas Anderson, Steven Spielberg, Stanley Kubrick, Oliver Stone, Brad Bird, Cameron Crowd, Rob Reiner. 

Has he done a Scorsese film? No ocean too deep, no budget too steep. Who's that? (It's him!) James Cameron! We need James Cameron to raise the bar again. Lmao As worried as I am about Cameron's blocking, it definitely helps that Dion Sims is a really great blocker. Hopefully he keeps improving as a receiver, he could be a hell of a player.  I heard it was Cameron
 I'm so glad that Harper and Cameron Conservative Government has stewarded us in to deflation with auserity + tax cuts.  Oh and practically ensuring our economic output is single sourced.
 

brilliant economics ya hacks. No. Our government doesn't feel guilty for abusing poor people, get out while you can. Before Cameron bans privacy, free speech and happiness.  Listen to the guy defending the government on this BBC interview https://soundcloud.com/gcluley/radio-5-discussion-about-david-camerons-plans-to-backdoor-secure-messaging-services James Cameron's two latest films are both originals and they are #1 and #2 highest grossing films ever. This point was made on the BBC, but the government adviser dismissed it https://soundcloud.com/gcluley/radio-5-discussion-about-david-camerons-plans-to-backdoor-secure-messaging-services What's worse than a horse-wanker? David Cameron. "Fight me, Cameron" [Check this out...](https://www.google.com/search?q=kirk+cameron+banana) kirk cameron's saving christmas :P True but not everyone voted for his party or thinks along his party line. Just like Obama doesn't speak for every American and Cameron doesn't speak for every Brit "James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron. James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron." 

~*James Cameron* No, the Terminator stole ideas and concepts from 2 or 3 episodes Harlan Ellison wrote. If it was from a gambit of sources, then James Cameron wouldn't have lost that lawsuit.  Supposedly, it is bad. It was a part of that email sony hack from awhile back.

http://defamer.gawker.com/leaked-emails-cameron-crowes-new-bradley-cooper-movie-1670963815

 "James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron.  James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron is James Cameron!" Someone should send Cameron to a trip to Belize David Cameron is just a Nazi who doesn't understand people or technology at all. 

Who voted for this chump?  Just in case you didn't get my joke: https://news.yahoo.com/blogs/cutline/story-behind-kirk-cameron-sad-birthday-photo-212734689.html Oh dear, in that case, stay away from Decameron :D I don't have a hand for children so I'm all bawdy stories, Greek tragedies and deeply depressing slawic stories. &gt;I'm so glad that Harper and Cameron Conservative Government has stewarded us in to deflation with auserity + tax cuts. Oh and practically ensuring our economic output is single sourced.

None of that is true.  Stoke. Players have a lot of heart, fans extremely passionate at the Brit, and as an American we have Geoff Cameron to root for! That's not how the election process works. 

People voted for their local MP. The party with the most MPs get in. The leader of that party is prime minister. 

11.3 million people definitely did not vote for David Cameron.  Vinny was the only reason I ever cared about Cameron Well, that might not be how it works but if you vote Conservative in your local area you are voting for a local representative and in essence for Cameron as the leader of the local MP's.

Being a pedant, 35,000 voted for him. Hi, I really want the pokerus so that I can spread it and share it I can give u either:
Male or female Treecko 
Male Torchic
Male Froakie

IGN- Cameron
FC- 4528 0792 7880 The pocket will collapse within 0.5 seconds every snap though.

Luckily, Jordan Cameron is a more than decent dump-off option.

Really I feel quite confident about our receiving corps, the big big question mark is at o-line once guys start to go down. The UK can already cut benefits for migrants.  There is a court ruling and Germany are going to do the same thing.  Sorry, I don't have the link / case title in hand, but this is not a 'Win' for Cameron, just kabuki theatre. Took a page right out of Cameron Crowe's book I see 1: How's the weather? 

2: If you could time travel, when will you be home for supper? 

3: Is working with a long tele prime annoying? 

4: To expand on question three, if you could, did you vote for Cameron?  http://www.jamescamerononline.com/Ellison.htm I dislike Cameron as much as anyone but banning potentially dangerous drugs doesn't make him a Nazi. Banning dangerous drugs doesn't make him a Nazi. Banning Jews might, but he hasn't tried that yet. I really hope mavs land Cameron payne....I doubt it tho. People like his brand because he makes really good movies which are also highly original.  This was also James Cameron's brand until he signed on to make about 8 Avatar movies...

edit: mistake You gotta picture him next to Dylan. 
Have you seen Cameron Monaghan in Gotham?
He would kill as Harry Osborn. Britain is the quintessential nanny state, they are leaps ahead of even the most restrictive American state.

Cameron is making Britain more British. One of the top moments for me on Season 1 was when Cameron showed to us that she was a Adventure player. Are you into RPGs or something like that? Also, how is to work with Lee Pace? Is he as fearsome as his recent characters? (Thranduil, Ronan, Joe...) I love that James Cameron loved it and reacted cheerfully when someone quoted it in his AMA  James (James) Cameron, explorer of the sea! Mackenzie,

I LOVE YOUR CHARACTER and you completely made the show for me.

My question is, how much do you relate to Cameron? What do you admire most about your character? I love how you type exactly as I would imagine Cameron would type in an AMA like this...I love you and thanks for responding! for some reason phillip glass' DANSE (NOS. 1-5) was huge for me this winter (when we were filming halt). not expected cameron stuff  (also 3 years later than when we film) but very punk spirit Hey Mackenzie - Are you going to watch the premiere on Sunday? What is an exciting thing that I can look forward to this upcoming season? What do you think about Cameron's clothing style? What's the last movie you watched and enjoyed? Cameron Crowd  Who do you think would win in a code-off between Cameron, Acid Burn (Angeline Jolie from Hackers) and Lisbeth Salander (Girl with the Dragon Tattoo)? Did you watch any of those movies to prepare for your role? Avatar....James Cameron....not that other bullshit Poland standing up for their countryman living abroad. Can't say the same of Cameron. Kenneth Cameron was never in NXT, he was only in FCW. Chris Jerishill detected. 91	Wake, Cameron

92	Denney, John -- never heard of this dude before lol

93	Suh, Ndamukong Yes best marriage for sure . Overall , it does take a cake. Aliens and alien are where I get a chance to compare what's so great about Ridley and Cameron  The amazing thing is, Cameron Dallas ass would about look like just that pic. Just a tight, firm little bubble butt too. Ugh I want him so bad. Lol thanks for the mental image...now where is that box of tissue.  Brilliant. This is a big 'fuck you' to David Cameron and the Tory government. People from diverse cultures and countries coming together to help those in need, a bit like what the NHS represents.  Cameron Stewart should draw all the comics. For those outside the loop. One of the funniest e-mails in the whole Sony hack scandal. http://defamer.gawker.com/leaked-emails-cameron-crowes-new-bradley-cooper-movie-1670963815/1707726783 WHen did you first see aliens. I saw Terminator as a child and Ive seen all of Camerons movies as I have gotten older. Alien , Abyss, Terminator and True lies all I hold dearly I saw his very first home run: May 14, 2012. Dollar hot dog &amp; dollar popcorn night vs. the Padres. I heard the sound, saw the trajectory, thought it was going to be a double. He hit it over Cameron Maybin's head onto the batters' eye. It was amazing. To me she kinda looks like young Cameron Diaz from The Mask, but with blue hair. Every human standing for some kind of election recently has morphed into a weird body part, in my mind.

David Cameron is a swollen thumb.

Sepp Blatter is an old bullsack.  I got it was chilling at home and abroad in the morning so I can do that to Mr Cameron said he was in the morning so I can do this over text. Nope, Cameron didn't propose repealing the Human Rights act at the commencement of Parliament, and won't because he knows how unpopular it would be in the HoL and with some members of his own party. Cameron Lawrence!  And Cameron has personally advocated that Turkey get to join the EU many times! James Cameron made Titanic and Avatar. Both films made tons of movie but are not alike. Amazing.  With a dying thirst to be the first
Could it be? (yeah it's him) James Cameron  I thought she already had ruled it out?....what's Cameron doing behind those close doors? Pretty sure this is Cameron Canada. I hope FS1 shows Cameron Hayley and Jesse Little battling for position at some point since they have the same sponsor. This woman would not shut the fuck up during James Cameron's Avatar. When the protagonist tamed that red pterodactyl thing she yelled "DAS HIS BERD NOW!!" It is now a catchphrase among my friends and I. James Cameron has been accused of stealing material for years.  He is the Carlos Mencia of Hollywood. Damn you Cameron and Eva Marie, making me vote for Dana Brooke for anything I think they signed Jordan Cameron, who when he's healthy is comparable to Clay. I don't know anything about their depth. Cameron has never been good at choosing his friends... David Cameron for convincing the turkeys to like Christmas

(convincing the working class he actually is trying to improve the economy)  Cameron vs Dana Brooke left me scratching my head. Went with Dana though because she isn't as annoying. Nigger Cameron actually said if someone killed his sheboon mother and he know, he wouldn't say who did it. Yeah I totally forgot they signed cameron. Cameron and Clay have very similar stats, except Clay has more receiving touchdowns.  Cameron Hayley If you're talking about Cameron Hayley, he just blew his engine. Such a James Cameron detail that. The kind of thing that McG would never think to do. Dana has far more upside.  Cameron's peak was covering Naomi's back. Did Cameron get corrupt officials from third world nations to vote for him? She's a poster-child for what's wrong with the UK's welfare state and why conservative politicians like Cameron, who want to gut welfare, get re-elected. Government should not be a life-support mechanism to keep diseased carcasses alive. Ditto. Nolan, Cameron, and Tarantino are the IP behind their movies. [Of course those are never defied](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2011/oct/24/david-cameron-tory-rebellion-europe) I think I've mentally relegated Brie to Cameron/Eva status for some reason...

Paige vs. Becky tho??? Cameron Couch has a series of 50z videos that have been very helpful to me. I kept expecting an end and tapped for like 10 minutes.  Just women's wrestlers.  Cameron vs Rosa Mendes damn near broke me... I still can't decide. Absolutely amazing episode! Editing was on point, and Cameron killed it as the National Geographic narrator. Already anxious to see what they'll pull off in the "Paul plays in the Pro Tour" episode. Dear G&amp;M,  
By 2020 Britain will have enacted the EU Directive on Landfills, so "conked out" solar panels will be recycled. Don't expect Cameron's Don Quixote campaigns to change that. Cameron Stewart's one was genius.  Cameron vs. Rosa.....I can't.....my nose is bleeding......what is happening. I KNOW

did u know that there was actually a real ship called titanic?? Nice one, James 'thief copycat scumbag' Cameron 


Speaking of titanic, I see I am being downboated by sock puppet accounts of james 'stealer' cameron  Acme - cameron575 My philosophy was "it's never going to be Cameron." Helped immensely. Is there anything you wouldn't do for a junket or work? Like if Kirk Cameron invited you to film an episode of ETC in like North Korea or something. James Cameron has all rights to all avatars! Cameron vs. Rosa Mendes was the toughest choice I've made all day Thankyou, it would be nice if some other people could accept he isn't just 'an idiot' (Cameron) Bolt 'Alpha' I think is what Cameron is calling it.  So I think it's technically a Bolt Preview, with beta/alpha firmware.  I think they all have the same internal hardware, just different exterior finishes and firmwares. yeah buddy!! Third straight wm final!! Im begging for another Paige, natty, or Cameron for a diva pro... 3 hours at least to wait though Why don't guys like Cameron Crowe and Robbie Robertson have their own radio stations? I would listen to anything these guys would play. Cameron Esposito! If you've Cameron Wake on one side you're stacked. I'll never forget how dumbfounded all the talking heads on the tv were. There was no way the Dolphins had traded up for anyone other than a o-lineman as far as they were concerned Dazza, i have seen your deaths. Your death makes up more than 50% of the death in your entire faction. I will see and tell cameron after I get to know him better. Sorry I'm out of the loop. Who is Cameron? that Cameron Stewart tweet is hilarious Correctomundo! He said he was gonna do like a 20 minute music video style opening to explain spidey's origins. James Cameron wanted to do SPIDEY too! (Unless you knew that, in which case forget I mentioned it.) This is as useless as saying Hillary Clinton has more support than David Cameron. They are totally separate primaries. Bernie is not going head to head with any of the 2016 Republican candidates in the primary. "Here's where Cameron goes berserk." &gt; agreed, but I still feel anxious when he gets the ball. I hoesntly don't know what he'll do.

Ah, the Cameron Shenton effect.  Watch movies that were never made, like Superman Lives and James Cameron's Spider-man. Also, Godfather Part IV, Guillermo Del Toro's Hobbit duology and Hellboy 3. A world where Chris Farley was Shrek. Guy seemed pretty funny based on Jordan Cameron's Instagram.  [David Cameron](http://i.imgur.com/TugRXg0.jpg)
 Why wouldn't he be nice to the star of James Cameron's Avatar? I'll gladly have a job like that! 

Hollande, come here! *slap* You too, Cameron! *slap slap* Ah, evening miss Thorning-Schmidt! *smooch smooch slap smooch* Thanks, Ted Ginn Jr., John Beck, Mike Wallace, Chad Henne, and Cam Cameron.  Is it me, or does she look like a young Cameron Diaz? Like The Mask young?? Work benefits are not about freedom of movement but equality of EU citizens. Also, if it is a principle written down in the treaties, there is not much that Cameron will accomplish against the will of Poland. /u/blueteamcameron Cameron! And he's cousins with [Kim Kardashian](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3019951/David-Cameron-Kim-Kardashian-COUSINS-PM-reveals-startling-family-link-reality-star.html).  Charlie Cameron is having some nice influence in this first quarter. Good to see. I think this is the best we've played since about half way through the third quarter of Round 2. Great intensity. Loving the work of Martin and Cameron especially. You say that like it's guaranteed and it's 100% not. You have no more idea than anyone else what will happen you just appear to have  more confidence in David Cameron's kind-heartedness.  i got cameron in a winning kotr thursday, i now have every Wm single diva :D and just to be annoying i got her for the SV card too  This isn't a David Cameron thing, this is a UK government thing. Do you really think if anybody else had got in power they wouldn't have continued the (ridiculously) hard line on drugs? Cameron or Eva Marie.

Please no. Haha Fyfe running with Cameron on his back -Ryback

-Adam Rose

-Tamina

-Naomi

-John Cena

-Carmella

-I don't hate Bull Dempsey

-Los Matadores

-Kane

-Big Shoe

-Sin Cara

-Roman Reigns

-Summer Rae

-Cameron and Dana Brooke are not as bad as they are made out to be

-Ascension



 Avatar = James Camerons, 2009 blockbuster movie about blue aliens and stuff.

Most other references to the hugely popular show, Avatar the Last Airbender or terrible movie under the same name will say explicitly. I finally understand the webbing = ejaculation thing in Cameron's script. Avatar was shot in stereoscopic 3D. James Cameron worked for a lot of years to develop a 3D camera system specifically for this purpose. Compared to before either the conservatives one the election, making the referendum certain, or before Cameron announced the policy. I just pulled a Nattie myself from a KOTR, this game loves giving me single divas, apparently.  S Nattie, S Cameron, S Naomi, S Rosa, S Eva Marie, L Brie, L AJ, L Nikki, L Nattie. Breaking News David Cameron spotted at Upton park waiting for West Ham kickoff. COME ON VILLA! David Cameron predicts 2-1 West Ham win.
 The mirror seems to get a pass though, and it does basically the same thing but replace Miliband/Labour politician with "eton tory toff" Cameron/Conservative politician "I'm not talking about having a couple of drinks to help you relax; I'm talking about MIND ALTERING SUBSTANCES". 

Wow. 

Why do I feel like I just discovered Kirk Cameron's soulmate? ''James, James Cameron, explorer of the sea. With a dying thirst to be the first. Could it be? Yeah that's him! James Cameron'' David Cameron! A dick, on someone important like Obama or Cameron or Putin. He wasn't awesome.   He just happened to be in power during a boom time.   After years of particularly gruelling conservative rule.   You could swap Cameron and Blair and nothing would change  You take that back about old tone'!

You may be right about Blair and Cameron, although both are pretty based. Both had a few policies which were horrific and a couple of fairly terrible ministers, and both were/are by and large great PMs. Goddamn Cameron trying to kill the NHS. As I recall, the organic web shooters were originally from Cameron's treatment and were left in when Sam Raimi took over.  How about casual sex meetups in the great British dogging tradition? Rightwingers make great subs. I'll fuck you like Cameron fucked the economy. Don't really like Avatar or Titanic much but I respect them for somehow being able to make that money with what they were. I respect James Cameron for that too.  You're fucking kidding. Are you telling me James Cameron made 115 million dollars off of Titanic?! Holy crap that is amazing!  This is a really great interview and actually the one that got me into Howard Stern, it also made me like James Cameron a lot more.  Fun fact: Cameron wrote the script for Avatar in 1995, you can read more about the original draft [here](http://james-camerons-avatar.wikia.com/wiki/Project_880).  &gt; James Cameron

 Net worth, $900 million (2013 est.)  Great interview.
Really like James Cameron now, the former truck driver. Too bad he didn't get any of that Titanic money. Hi my name is Cameron, my favourite book is Brave New World, and my favourite band is either Animal Collective or Deerhunter. All me and my friends combined, about five of us. I use y Cameron burns tube and gumbie klein at home daily and travel with the little clear rainbow beaker and have a few other party rigs/girl rigs not pictured.. Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Congrats you made the Dutch news !

http://www.ad.nl/ad/nl/1012/Nederland/article/detail/4042671/2015/05/29/Fotoshoppend-Engeland-geniet-van-Cameron-en-Rutte.dhtml Holy shit. James Cameron almost directed Spiderman? I want this.  They probably saw clean, well dressed people and assumed they'd just finished sacrificing a poor person to Lord Cameron. [Cameron Waters - I wont fall apart!] (http://www.youtubemultiplier.com/5569e13f0c71a-cameron-waters-i-won-t-fall-apart.php) I thought we were Cameron-haters in this subreddit! Stop praising him, you fucking *sheep!* David Cameron will be watching in the hope that his side does better than they did in the final against Liverpool in 2006... BRRRAAAPADOOO #JAMESCAMERONWINSLOL I would assume you have seen much of his work, Mr. James Cameron Scholar In an ironic turn of events, the UK prime minister David Cameron also failed to deliver those same 42,768 letters (probably).  Shame David Cameron's team didn't make it into the final. I hope it suceeds, so we can get Live Action Akira and finally Battle Angel Allita (i still hope James Cameron lives to be 100 years and gets around to make these) Because it doesn't crop up much? And http://www.mirror.co.uk/all-about/politics doesn't exactly seem very contentious or salacious, other than having a pop at Cameron over Europe. You're implying he's tory in a negative way, I think. Also there was a thread a few days ago where the hate on Cameron was ridiculous  I was thinking Scarlett Johansson, but i can see Cameron Diaz as well I was thinking Scarlett Johansson, but i can see Cameron Diaz as well I can see why David Cameron forgot he's a Villa fan. Cameron is Canadian.   Oh I see, still I wouldn't be surprised if it was going to be negotiated away anyways and Cameron claiming victory about it regardless. Its a shame the same aggressive racing that got him up to P1 ultimately cost him a good finishing position. I would like to know what caused him issue to keep it in second after Cameron passed him.  Hamilton married Cameron in 1997. They divorced in 1999 and she received a 50 million divorce settlement. I would say she married and divorced very wisely. To be honest, it seemed like one of those movies actors do simply to complete some contractual obligation.  Or maybe they all owed a favor to Cameron Crowe.   I never got why Cameron gets so much shit online. He seems like a nice and smart dude who follows his dreams.
He has also done so much for deep sea studies.
Why all the hate? Trying to spy on us. Cameron mentioned that people in the UK are to tolerant.....and cameron wants to ban porn too. [@cameronu2](http://instagram.com/cameronu2)   
Not a page with a clear theme, just my life containing University, Guitar and Rock Climbing mostly. :) deposited a lvl 9 male whismur,, can I have a heavyball snubbull? IGN: cameron, and I think beheeyem is a pretty underrated alien :3 well it could've been worse, Cameron Crowe could've put Emma Stone in yellow face with slanted eyes &amp; tan skin. &gt; Are you telling me James Cameron made 115 million dollars off of Titanic?! Holy crap that is amazing! 

yup. that's how he spent the next few years funding research missions to the actual wreck I remember reading back in the T2 days that Fox got an exclusive contract with Cameron for an eight picture deal. They paid him $250,000,000 for that. At the time, that kind of money was mind boggling.  Where is James Camerons Spider-man script!!????!! I want to read that! Its got to be Starcraft. The CG itself in the game is already perfect enough to be made into a movie. I believe Blizzard said a long time ago that they are waiting for James Cameron to direct a Starcraft movie, if it ever happens. &gt;super sad to see that Cameron Crowe continues to suck

So why are you sad? He's always sucked. He has never been responsible for a single original idea.

&gt; whitewashed Hawaiian film 

Because there are no white people in Hawaii.  LULZZZ Is Cameron kinda describeing holywood accouning ?  Whenever I'm looking for David Cameron's opinion on something I always make sure to go to www.ukip.org. If Naomi wins - I'll make my flair to Tamina with whatever is the top comment.

Bonus if Naomi wins by pinning Paige I'll make it a Cameron Flair with something about Alicia Fox vs. Melina  That comment from Cameron was prerelease, and with the expectation the movie would at least break even. They didn't believe it would be a huge success. Once they recouped the budget, he most definitely got paid. Here is a negative summery of it: http://io9.com/5427122/what-if-james-cameron-made-a-spider-man-movie

Here is the entire script in story board form: http://dantom.altervista.org/spider_ing_part01.html .....Steelers...?
**RB** Leve'on Bell **WR** Antonio Brown **CE** Markice Pouncy **LB** Lawrence Timmons **DE** Cameron Hayward **G** David Decastro **On the Rise** Martavis Bryant, Mike Mitchell, Ryan Shazier, Jarvis Jones This is just 30 minutes of Howard Stern and Robin riding James Cameron's dick. The thing I've always liked about Cameron is his use of technology and the insane set pieces built to bring these films to life. Dunno, but he was married to her, too. 

Cameron has married almost every woman on Earth.  Atheist's worst nightmare?  Where is Kirk Cameron when you need him. Mass Effect 2 would be awesome!

My favorite quote from Ferris Bueller quotes day off, "Pardon my French, but Cameron is so tight that if you stuck a lump of coal up his ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond." If the studio ever wanted to work with Cameron again they would have given him is points back. Especially after the way he gave that up for going over budget (I don't think many directors would have done that) Only JamesCameronScholar is aloud to call him Jim. the story in Avatar was pretty crappy, I don't think Cameron had a better story to tell for T3/T4 Some of his ideas made it into Raimi's film. I think Cameron made the web shooters biological. How are we going to explain this to [Kirk Cameron](http://youtu.be/Igui2YoHXs8)? &gt;David Cameron is a privileged public school boy, but he's never really tried to hide it. Or pretend to be someone else to pander for votes.

Yes he has, he's had all that nonsense of which football team he supports. James Cameron Spiderman.

I'd have watched that.

hell, I probably still would, but he'll be making Avatars until he is 90. This is all my fault. After jinxing Cameron Hayley yesterday, I jinxed [Bubba](https://twitter.com/ZappaOMatic/status/604717793448042496) today. Robin called it and she was so sure this movie would win the oscar she had to explain to Cameron there's no other film that deserves it as he was heading out [There's a pretty good chance DiCaprio would have suggested Tobey for the role to Cameron.](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/71/67/79/716779e04ab4a764b1b1894c0575d0ef.jpg) 

They are Bros For Life or whatever youngsters call it nowadays. Yeah that will happen once David Cameron tells people what he has negotiated. Probably people think he's just a guy who makes huge blockbusters to cash in, kinda like Michael Bay a bit. They tend to forget that Cameron is pretty much a creative genius with an unparalleled ability to bring ideas to life.  He's a big Eu supporter which Russia hates. I'm fairly certain he's criticised Putin publicly(something Cameron doesn't do) and he was once upon a time a significant minister in the government. Imagine a James Cameron directed Spider-Man starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Script was already written. Not saying Sam Rami's were bad, but just imagine...

*Edit: spelling Stern: "You want to make Spiderman? Who do you think would play spiderman?"

Cameron: "Leonardo Dicaprio"

Stern: "Really? Leonardo? He's a bit of a pussy."

Lol... After The Departed, Blood Diamond, and Wolf of Wall Street, what would Stern say now? Jets: Brandon Marshall.
Giants: OBJ.
Dolphins: Cameron Wake.
Bills: Percy Harvin.
Colts: Adam Vinatieri.
I just went ahead and put all of my rivals. *James Cameron doesn't do what James Cameron does for James Cameron, James Cameron does what James Cameron does because James Cameron IS James Cameron.* I'm shocked James Cameron is on Howard Stern. Gone With the Wind grossed so much because it was in the theater all year long, unlike Cameron's films. Someone please tell Kirk Cameron that there is no God. 
 LOL, only 1 person (StankyDanky) of 1533 selected Cameron Percy, currently tied for 2nd. 

EDIT: This comment applies to the PGA $4K BIRDIE #2 [$4,000 GUARANTEED], not the PGA $100K BIRDIE [$100,000 GUARANTEED] Malcolm Brown,Marquis Goodwin, Lesean McCoy, Rob Gronkowski, Jordan Cameron. The script is online...it is odd. I'd have to have faith in Cameron with his track record, but there's obviously a reason he didn't end up directing Spiderman. 

Spiderman masturbation, for real. Probably not what most would expect from Spiderman.  Cameron seems to be very poor with money for someone that's worth almost a billion dollars. Never does pre-nups, gives back his rights to films, etc.

 Cameron and Suzy Amis have been married for 15 years now. I'm guessing he's chilled out a bit. A young David Cameron ~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron, the United Kingdom Fuck James Cameron. Titanic killed Dark City. [Yes. Apologies in advance for the daily mail.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3074536/Football-pundits-rib-David-Cameron-confused-team-Aston-Villa-West-Ham-two-teams-face-today.html) thus starts the james cameron scifi thriller... Ferris Bueller is Cameron's imaginary friend. Cameron Crowe hate is pretty new to me.  Are Almost Famous and Jerry Maguire not good now? &gt; Howard seems to relax him more than most other interviewers have been able to

All the while, James Cameron is sitting next to a sex doll. Yep I agree on the RBs. Cameron was sitting there in like the 12th so I figured I'd scoop him. If healthy I think he could have a productive year. In that interview with Howard Stern, you can clearly see that Cameron was a man with his back against the wall.  It was make it or break it time for him. The intersection in a Venn diagram would be Miles Cameron or Richard K. Morgan. I agree with  David Cameron. 

(Just on this issue, you understand....) The first minute or so of that, before Cameron came in, was some of the worst radio I've heard. So boring that I turned out off and missed the interview. Was it any good? What is Cameron effectively doing?  Trade commissioners, ministers, council of the EU, what do you think David cameron is doing right now? 

 Begging is "asking someone earnestly or humbly for something.' If Cameron is not begging, then I do not know what he is doing. He's raising the bar!

*Jaaaaames Cameron, explorer of the deep!* Wait really? What was your role? What were your interactions with Cameron? i know huh. gives hope to everyone that still wants chase and cameron to get together i guess Love this interview, mainly because Cameron comes across as a decent dude albeit with four marriages. I guess I didn't expect him to be so self-deprecating. Gronk, Graham, Gates, Greg Olsen, Bennett, Julius Thomas, Witten, Vernon Davis, Jordan Cameron, Heath Miller, Larry Donnell, Coby Fleener.  The question is whether Cameron is disappointed. The one thing people forget about Titanic is that Cameron rewrote and reshot the whole damn movie. So yeah he had all sorts of reasons to be nervous. James Cameron's Aquaman is the only Aquaman David Cameron's "stance" on the EU is largely because the Tories shit their pants looking at UKIP's voting results.

Otherwise, the man has no beliefs of his own or a backbone.  His "stance" is whatever his party wants it to be. Woof Elizabethtown was bad. So, so, so bad. I literally couldn't believe Cameron Crowe betrayed me that bad. I figured he must have farmed out a bunch to someone else to shoot, it was just terrible. Davey Cameron will cave to my diplomacy. There will be some new banners to hang in Cameron.

I have no idea how the team will work next year so it's interesting.   That's because it lacked the power of James Cameron. That is why Chrisitan Bale continues to fake his accent during interviews. But why are you surprised to learn James Cameron is Canadian? Just to name a few from this draft there's Olivier Hanlan,
Delon Wright,
Kris Dunn,
Yogi Ferrell,
Cameron Payne,
Jerian Grant,
Tyrone Wallace, ect. Fair enough, especially the iconic Ben Stein quote. All of that could still be attributed to Cameron's feverish/overactive imagination though. I thought it was interesting. I'm only really familiar with post-Titanic ego-maniacal Cameron so I thought it was cool listening to him talk about his craft and background in a down to earth, humble way. Kirk Cameron's Saving Bat Dude and Throbin What he said, and what actually happened is very different. Cameron made a fortune on top of fortune for that movie. I think he got the back end profits, like 700 million dollars and growing James Cameron, eat your heart out. They banned Nick Clegg and not David Cameron? Their incompetence is impressive. ~~The Tornado is actually considered to be a 4th generation aircraft.~~
~Signed, Prime Minister David Cameron, the United Kingdom I've been using my Yes! putter going on 8 years now. I love it. I was using a early 2000 checkered Scotty Cameron. Bought all new clubs last year but I have no plans to buy a new putter.  The main plotline and characters (Patrick and Kat) are pretty bland or annoying, IMO, but the dad, Cameron's friend, and all the random little side interactions make it still pretty great. Gangs of New York -- I'd remove Cameron Diaz. I like her in other things, but she did not seem to fit in that movie.  Nice username. Had you seen this OP interview before? I never caught it until youtube came around and was real impressed but unable to find any other long form interviews with James Cameron. Any you would recommend, or do they like.. exist? &gt; It was an anomalous phenomenon that will never happen again.

I could understand labeling it anomalous the first time; but then here comes Cameron and does it *again* with Avatar.

These things don't just happen by coincidence
 Who's the other point guard? Cameron Payne? Tyus Jones? When James Cameron changes cinema forever once again with his next film. Cameron Bae-bin strikes again! What if Edward Norton's character in Fight Club is Cameron as an adult? Then how do we know Cameron isn't really in an insane asylum? If you assume an unreliable narrator with no reveal, the movie can be anything you want The lowest Cameron Payne is going is #14 to OKC.

he has a promise from them. Yes. I can't imagine anyone being the least bit cordial in Cameron's position/situation.

The *entire* thing was because of him. He wrote it, sold it-then shot it, and finally edited it.

Fingers crossed, hope I'm awesome.

He is. Cameron's putting on a bit of theatre. He's asking for things he already has, so he can pretend he's won a great concession. YAAASS. Fuck Cameron Crowe and his racist casting and screenplay. Guy gets away with it because he's a so-called liberal who works in Hollywood. No one is talking about Cameron Maybin. Regular spot in the lineup in front of freeman, hitting for some power, stealing bases, decent avg and an even better OBP.  This is the part where Cameron goes berserk.  I like Cameron Esposito. She's hilarious I love everything about that movie about except Cameron Diaz. She just doesn't match the rest of the movie. Is there any way someone can replace her with another actor but keep everything else? Alter ego, not friend. Cameron really is sick in bed, Ferris is pretending to be. You didn't already worship James Cameron? BLASPHEMY! All of those could be considered part of Cameron's delusion, or the literary mechanism of the Unreliable Narrator. For any concerned Redditors, tonight's Cameron Diaz/Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars. Next week: Chris Pratt/Ariana Grande. Glad I'm not the only one who's got nothing better to do than FOLLOW THE DAMN SNL OFF SEASON. Were would that place sloane? Cameron's girlfriend? Also imaginary? Or any of Ferris' family for that matter, how would they fit in? Cameron Diaz is an eternal smokeshow. 
And Halle Berry doing the splits... Damn.  I get what you're hinting at, but its not entirely fair to not keep this site's demographic in mind. Reddit's audience is more likely to care about a fairly popular superhero than a Cameron Crowe rom-com for your mom. The real Ferris is actually dying for realsies.

Or maybe, maybe, Cameron IS Ferris. Young Cameron Diaz looks like Britney Spears in that pic! Get James Cameron on the line I think it fits more with the movie as almost everyone in the film talks about Ferris but outside of Ferris and his girlfriend Cameron is never mentioned IIRC I haven't seen the movie in a while Never figured a Cameron Crowe flick would be my most confusing movie-going experience this year so far. How about Angela Merkal yelling at David Cameron about the stupid decision he's trying to make a reality? https://soundcloud.com/cameron-jackson-64/zetaunfinshed 
its like dark trap basically, 
what can be improved? Ask James Cameron how he got the stuff from Pandora...that stuff was some real close up crap you never see any of cameron's family, right? they could all actually be cameron's family. Ferris Bueller is actually Cameron's Tyler Durden. cameronsparr, 34 warlock Of course not, that's just David Cameron's memoirs. More seriously those couldn't really be classified as jokes, it's like something an 8 year old playground bully would think utterly hilarious. Being a fan of Cameron's movies but not necessarily of him personally, I found it interesting how much I liked him in this. Unless Ferris is retarded and everyone "pretends" to see a Cameron there for his sake. Although that seems like a bit of a stretch. I do like the idea that the whole day was Ferris's attempt to help Cameron, which culminates in him destroying his Dad's car.  I heard that the whole thing is Cameron's imagination. Cause he's kind of nutso It could have been the opposite of Fight Club where Cameron is Ferris' imaginary friend. U forgot the bracket that was supposed to be beside my name saying best minecraft pvper and can beat cameronaob with a full inventory because he's that bad eZZZZŹZŹ To be fair, unlike Ferris, Cameron hasn't been absent nine times.  http://chcameron.tumblr.com/post/338860461/how-r2d2-and-chewbacca-were-secretly-running-the My take on the theory was that Cameron never gets out of bed that day,, so everything we see is his imagination/dream of a perfect day where he learns to stand up for himself &amp; take control of his life  And *Cody*, and *Dylan*, and *Cameron*, and *Tucker* I view it more like he's Cameron's Tyler Durden /r/DoveCameron  long gone are the days of offbeat movies from cameron /r/DoveCameron  /r/DoveCameron  which David Cameron accused of being 'unpatriotic' at the time of broadcast I assumed to justify that theory, the entire events of the day were imagined by cameron while he sat in bed at home "sick" I've probably seen every interview Cameron has ever given. There are a couple of longish interviews around that were done just after Aliens came out, but nothing really as good as this in terms of getting him to open up.  That Ferris Buhler is a figment of Cameron's imagination.  http://fantheories.wikia.com/wiki/Ferris_Bueller%27s_Day_Off http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-StyENh4re4U/U0QFPFguMRI/AAAAAAAACzg/xdDk5mnMGyY/s1600/janice%20chenoweth%20cameron.jpg While everyone is currently freaking out about Obama's new policies Cameron is systematically setting up a series of laws that would essentially force the entire lower class into slavery (work-fare). So you agree?  David Cameron was a coward. IGN: Andrew
Champion: Epic Papa Shango
Superstar #1: PP Wrestlemania Band News Barrett
Superstar #2: PP Survivor Fusion Dean Ambrose
Superstar #3: Wreslemania Eddie Guerrero
Superstar #4: Wreslemania Jack Swagger
Diva: Wrestlemania Cameron
Total: 66229 A Cameron Crowe movie disguised as Tyler Perry Movie disguised as a John Singleton movie. You are of course allowed your opinion and I appreciate that.

Thanks for the comment.

I was merely pointing out that Ed Miliband won the argument on the policies which is why David Cameron and Lynton Crosby turned to the SNP for help. Camping In Alaska - C U In Da Ballpit 

Snowing - Kirk Cameron Crowe  Again, I wouldn't agree, he campaigned for re-election on the premise that he would deliver more of the same, what fundamental principle do you believe Cameron abandoned? I don't think that's really as unfounded as you think. Cameron is a europhile but he needs to put the EU drama to rest to stop his party being ripped in two. Managed to squeak into the QF on a Survivor KOTR and got a Leg Cameron for my trouble. I can pro her so that is awesome but I am definitely dropping back to Leg for a while longer before I make the jump again.  Cameron is just as dangerous. except for cameron diaz and halle berry, I do not know any of them. Ferris Bueler is Cameron's Tyler Durden. James Cameron's Avatar = Pocahontas 2.0 David Cameron instigated the largest private takeover of the NHS ever and nobody gave a fuck. Because Jeremy Clarkson punched a reporter over steak... Ferris Bueller is a figment of Cameron's imagination.

http://fantheories.wikia.com/wiki/Ferris_Bueller%27s_Day_Off I went from "Damn I'd have fucking loved James Cameron to direct Spider-man" to "I'm so glad James Cameron didn't direct Spider-man with Leo DiCaprio" in a matter of seconds. Ferris Bueller is to Cameron what Tyler Durden is to The Narrator (aka  Jack). Credit goes to Cameron for spearheading the move in the Tory party, but lets not forget it was a coalition government held partly by the Liberal Democrats. It wouldn't have gotten done if it was a Tory majority like they have now. That R2D2 and Chewbacca are the [top secret agents](http://chcameron.tumblr.com/post/338860461/how-r2d2-and-chewbacca-were-secretly-running-the) of the rebel alliance.  Ferris Bueller is a figment of cameron's imagination  In David Cameron's Great Britain, it doesn't take much for a sex act to be considered depraved. Basically, anything outside of missionary position. Not when the Lib Dems could dissolve the government at any moment and force Cameron into a uncertain election. Ferris Bueller's Day Off is all in Cameron's Mind

http://fantheories.wikia.com/wiki/Ferris_Bueller%27s_Day_Off David Cameron. Not the Tory party because Churchill was a Tory but caMoron Undoubtedly Cameron.  At least countries like the UK should defend existing systems. Fuck Cameron. It still blows my mind that Cameron Crowe makes a movie as incredible as Almost Famous and then spends the next 15 years making entirely underwhelming work. What happened to the guy?  stating the obvious. Pogba isnt coming to Chelsea. We COULD sign Falcao on loan. obviously, we COULD sign David Cameron to be our striker next year. not sure what tweets youre on about Wow, I like how they actually got James Cameron there. More than Cameron? Sure.

More than Farage? Nope. I think the idea is probably closer to: it was all a story Cameron made up in his head.  Three, actually. IIRC Cameron has said that Avatar 1 was basically an introductory movie to the universe, and that Avatar 2-4 will be a traditionally structured trilogy narrative. It is a conspiracy because those British tourists are complicit through voting for people like  Blair and Cameron in the misfortune of those immigrants.  That explains why David Cameron isn't in shot :) Kirk Cameron  **Cameron**
___
*After looking like a cat trying to desperately climb away from water for a few moments, Cam accepted his fate.  Wading over to Barry and the coffin, Cam steals a glance at the coffin.*

"Shall we?" FWIW we won't leave. Cameron and co are already talking about accelerating the time table for the referendum because the polling figures are good and the UK economy is holding steady. Lobbying, TTIP, David Cameron, McDonalds, spying...

Dear 'murica, please stop raping Europe. And as far as David Cameron is concerned women can't cum If you start feeling like a flu that won't go away or tired or foggy brained please contact http://lymediseaseassociation.org/ for a referral to a Lyme specialist in your area.  I used to see Dr. Cameron in Mt. Kisco, NY I feel like Chance is hip-hop's answer to Cameron Crowe between *Say Anything...* and *Almost Famous*. /u/blueteamcameron I don't think he is wrong. Every time I have seen Cameron talk it's about us in the EU not about improving the EU for all its a small minded approach but it's the only way the UK seems to think.  It Cameron recommends the party stays in the EU which he will do, most of them would surely agree. And anyway it's going to referendum so it's for the electorate to decide not the Government.   Well I'd feel pretty gypped if Cameron brought in a law that my car insurance excess should be a mandatory £500 and i found out he was in cahoots with the churchill dog The Ferris Bueller TV series establishes the movie was jsut a movie about him. Cameron's appearance in Kickin' it Old School is easily explainable a the whole movie takes place after a guy wakes up form a coma. The real theory would be that Cameron is actually the main character but his personality allows Ferris to run everything. Obviously a modern Titanic remake, I wonder how James Cameron feels about this. Hey man, I was wondering are you using the same hair gel as Cameron Diaz in 'There's something about Mary', because your hair looks great :^) Brooker is nothing like Jon Stewart. Calling Cameron a prick isn't satire. Plus his "Wipe" shows are pretty average now, compared to when they began. Philomena Cunk is the only worthwhile part. Cameron Diaz, and I'm a dude. She just annoys me, I'll avoid any film with her in.  If you want to see what we are up against, listen to the government adviser on this BBC interview. He will make your blood boil.

http://soundcloud.com/gcluley/radio-5-discussion-about-david-camerons-plans-to-backdoor-secure-messaging-services It's a different story. The SNP had the huge boost of Cameron proclaiming 'English votes for English laws.' In what was supposed to be a victory speech.  Go apply for lunar. I know for sure that a couple people won't confirm their spot into the faction in a reasonable time. I'm sure cameron can make a room for you. Cameron's been doing a bang up job in UK. I'd give it to James Cameron to make the first movie on Mars. I don't care if it turns into Avatar 5, it would be awesome. Yeah. I wonder what [a James Cameron movie set *beyond* Sol space](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cRdxXPV9GNQ) would look like.

Maybe [he'll make one someday](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9NkXJuOJkA). [Why would anyone ‘wait and see’ on Cameron’s EU renegotiation?](https://whitewednesday.wordpress.com/2015/05/31/why-would-anyone-wait-and-see-on-camerons-eu-renegotiation/) James Cameron and have him make Aquaman.  I think Oregon Pinot Noir is some of the best wine out there. I recommend Cameron Pinot Noir or Bethel Heights. Brickhouse has some amazing stuff and they're certified biodynamic, but I cant remember if their stuff goes for under 30 bucks.   &gt;he represents the British ~~public~~ campuses as a person more than Cameron or Farage do

Just thinking about all the men over 30 I know there's at least 5 Farages for every Milliband. Just get James Cameron on it.  I think this is the best answer. Cameron knows how to spend money but he also makes movies that are ahead of their time in one way or another see: Terminator 1 and 2, Aliens, True Lies, Titanic, Avatar, and Ghosts of the Abyss. Coughcough Cameron Smith &gt; Or how about making all highs illegal?

There goes my coffee..

And my weekendly beer...

Thanks, Cameron. Cameron from 2nd grade. I annoyed the shit out of him all the time.  Well it wasn't pressure from Labour, was it? The SNP were absolutely brilliant on this particular matter, drawing attention to it and arguing against it loudly. Enough rebel Tory backbenchers are present to make Cameron shelve it. I'm trying to build mine as well so I feel the struggle. Mine are only slightly stronger...barely. Pro SV Cameron, Pro L Fusion Brie, SV Fusion Nikki and Pro L AJ Lee.  At least we don't have David Cameron. This reminds me of the "There's no money left" joke that Cameron used to beat up Labour with. It's a very dishonest tactic of modern Tories to take jokes or sarcasm out of context and use it to sway a few gullible fools. Add Cameron and Tamina to this list.

Eva, I'll actually give a chance to see if she's improved. Plus, she's got more of a natural heel edge. &gt; wants players playing in top leagues

&gt; doesn't call up Geoff Cameron  Surprised that none of Besler, Gonzalez and Cameron got called up. No Cameron again? Klinnsman has it out for him or something?
 So no Cameron, Ream, Besler, Gonzalez, Hedges, Parkhurst, Birnbaum, or Farrell/Kitchen, no let's call in Michael Orozco instead. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, but it's no fun that way. I'd like to see what David Camerons price is, for example. I might go as high as £15m for him. Don't tell him that though! I know this is a stupid idea from Cameron (Well it seems to be dead at least for now) but this type of scaremongering isn't helpful  Did Evans cost the US points? NO. Cameron did. *Apparently* Cameron is nursing an injury (and Birnbaum is still hurt/just coming back I think).  ~~I'm guessing Cameron is getting a break before the Gold Cup?~~

edit: Scratch that, Cameron is injured mmm idk you'd have to ask CameronAOB plus  the only person i know in the faction is Kinqy ill think about it if your serious  I hate Cameron Maybin. Can't they trade him to Japan or something? Ascension

Cameron

Tamina

Rosa

Sin Cara

Adam Rose

 That match or Eva Marie vs Cameron choose wisely now Fact: Cameron's on field play directly led to dropped points. He is a choker. David Cameron A lot of teams do put their best pass rusher on the right tackle these days. Off the top of my head, JJ Watt and Cameron Wake line up against the right tackle most of the time. Nope.  When Cameron was the only TE contestant to make the main roster from that one season it became an utter joke to me.  Melina vs Alicia Fox guys 