As a trump she could have triggered at an Endbringer event or some other large fight. Collecting the shards of a few dying capes would be easy. I don't doubt it, but the legality of controls via mail order is dubious and state law would trump whatever your insurance mandates. If he can build a wall on the Mexican border and make Mexico pay for it, he's a genius and deserves to be president even for this one thing. All this Trump hate but Hillary is running? Hillary is the devil in flesh form. Wouldn't that just give her a trump rating because it only interacts with parahumans (not PRT agents) Difficult to say considering how big the TSM network is getting now; considering they have a LCS team, a danish CS:GO team, a smite team (pretty sure), Trump (Hearthstone) and Leffen (Smash 4) as well as the store and any sponsorship deals my god those are beautiful!
Thanks you so much! I love them!

remember to vote for Ninja Trump - 2016!  Eh, as they said, Trump has already done this challenge (and without Blackrock or Naxraamas). That's true to a certain extent, but at a certain point culture doesn't trump biology.  I get that culture can make me attracted to chubby women, but the majority of men just can't be attracted to obese women.  Did trump complain about it?  Or is he going to reevaluate his decks.   
I dont think trump is the type to concede until its easy.  He will want to beat the deck straight up Even Trump has done this before.  a2a missies are now better than AB tanks for everything outside of a2g AI work. Especially in big fights, locks will trump noseguns in all situations. Don Alfaggot. &gt;locks will trump noseguns in all situations.

Which is why being able to doge them or have actually effective flares is so important. That alone would help cut back on the Don's rampage. He [Donald Trump] is the chairman and president of The Trump Organization.  They primarily own a lot of real estate (especially in NY) as well as a handful of other properties and some golf course. Was not in trumps stream but did catch most of TBs stream and it he said somthing about somone in trumps chat wanted/talked about dragon pally deck/s so tb streamed his dragon pally deck while trump (ate?) Pretty sure Donald Trump said this a few seasons ago on Celebrity Apprentice.   I believe they blamed that on Donald Trump not the other good story telling going on at the time ha &gt; Each other's happiness and a good, long branch life always trump a few extra minutes of messaging. 

I just wrote this with different words.  :) mainly because the arguments it can be used against actually do make it a trump card.

it's a good honest question to ask in the context of gender reform. There is something very problematic with the 'generally accepted view' if contractual employment obligations trump a persons right to freedom of political communication as an indispensable incident of representative government, in our courts.

 We all know he was looking for the hot Trump x Kripp sextape

 Concern with the state should trump concern with your career. Or do you think the Mid Staffs whistleblowers should have thought about their career first? Right now, yes. Colorado football was at an all time low and the pac-10 still wanted them. While current success helps, it's not the ultimate trump card.  not really. a rhetorical question is hardly a trump card I am better than any teenager at anything.  Your year doing it does not trump decades of life experiences.  When you are no longer a baby you will realise this fact. The trump card:  "I identify as that, you shitlord." Does the amazing feeling of completing your first 5k at least trump the shitty start to the day? Fuckin-A-right you did it! *high five* As Snoeree has already pointed out, TSM Heearthstone seems to be all about stream revenue rather than tournament results. Besides, Kripp and Trump haven't had good tournament results lately either. Just compare him to trump who cuts away almost every sentence, sometimes mid sentence. Always go for One with Nature when playing Spain. No matter how much fairh you can get with other pantheons, one or two wonders will trump that. Taste is subjective, but at the same time, what makes a cigar good is objective. There are standards and metrics you can judge on, but for most people the subjective taste is going to trump the objective metrics.  &gt; In your mind you might want amarr skins on caldari ships... but that is not happening from our side , integrity of the look and lore of the game will always trump that.


TIL Lore= $$$. Ahh yep, that old trump card has been pulled on me before too! If I fire Feeva's BB first, then Darvanshel, does Darv just trump the Def portion of Feeva's ATK/DEF buff, or wipe them both? Even better.  You can nickname him Fez, Fezzie, Big Cat, and eventually Grandma.

Nicknames given by the father usually trump the name on the birth certificate. Your emotion/opinion doesn't trump case law and the constitutional rights of citizens. Well they pretty much are arguing for what they're against.  They are arguing that religious freedoms trump our laws. Stop spreading misinformation. It is a constitutional right for people to record a police officer or public official, and no State law is going to trump the Constitution.  Mac would do Donald Trump even today... Good thing your opinion doesn't trump constitutional law.  Donald Trump is America's Nelson Mandela. I understand John Larroquette uses his Emmy as a sort of trump card in local knifey-spoony tournaments.  Trigger is here to save anime again! Hail Based Trigger! Oh look, they brought their trump card ~~Ryuko~~ Yamato into the fray! Truly, the **YEEAART** is with this one! Isn't this exactly what Muslim proponents of Sharia law say? That God's laws trump all man-made laws? Donald Trump is a good song. And if he's been working there a year and someone else has been working there a month... Well a year *does* actually trump a month as far as experience in that company goes. &gt; integrity of the look and lore of the game will always trump that.

Why is Guerrilla warfare gone in space? as far as i heard Chakki #1 Kripp #2 not sure about 3 i think Trump and ofcourse last Athene EleGiggle. Since when do state laws trump the United States constitution...? Between Buffalo, Toronto, and Edmonton, Donald Trump is gonna sue somebody soon. Hello! What is your price for Lucario EX (FA), Lysandre's Trump Card (FA), and Korrina (FA)? Lucario 107/111 -$16  
Lysandres Trump Card -$5  
Korrina 111/111 -$9.25  
Total - $30.25  
Total after 10% discount -$27... $28 if you want tracking I could go nihilist in response and trump that, but we all know that's not the point. Who are you implying is the most popular?  I'm assuming Kripp since his latest influx of viewers( from 15k-20k to 25k-45k)  which places Trump second with 20k-25k viewers on average.  I want to touch the Kripp. Your "better" is somebody else's "worse". Why does your "better" trump everyone else's "better"? Do you think you have a morally superior understanding than others? No one cares what you want if its unconstitutional and violates another person's rights. Your feelings don't trump other people's rights.  I'm convinced that Donald Trump isn't even a real person but a caricature of a right winger created to increase support for the left wing. 

 He's even part of the "vaccines = autism" crowd. You must love watching Trump stream I think the whole living in america thing will always trump anything india can put together He was vacuuming his house and wanted to fart. In his mind the fart would be trapped inside the vacuum. When the superheated trump was blown out of the vents he gagged and threw up a little on the carpet.  Your "better" is somebody else's "worse". Why does your "better" trump everyone else's "better"? Do you think you have a morally superior understanding than others? Regularly update your photos, especially your main photo.

Pictures of weight loss (don't even bother with a record, just have the recent ones) trump platitudes of, "I am losing it." /r/hailcorporateI'm fine with companies doing or not doing things based on the financial implications, but to suggest that money should trump even moral decisions? That's not okay. If what you wrote is within the scope of your NDA, that contract is going to trump any fair use defense.  Otherwise there would be little point in the contract in the first place. Etho, it would be awesome if you started a regular series, or maybe a streaming series. I myself enjoy very much watching Trump and TB occasionally, and I was hoping you would record some HS since you mentioned you're playing  it a while ago. :) [Your dead kids don't trump my Constitutional Rights](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/livewire/joe-the-plumber-wurzelbacher-ucsb-shooting-dead-kids) I would never start. Money can't trump morality. These are people that literally can't process right from wrong. Please provide context of other local breweries that trump them. You do understand that federal laws trump state laws, yes?  I might be able to do that, and would you trade two full arts for Lysandre and Lysandre's Trump card fas? The free market will always trump a single corporation.

This will get ugly. No, you wouldn't given that this area is [heavily regulated](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/topic.page?id=17E98CF3396E48B19C1F483DC1B7BAB6).  You don't know what your talking about.

Contracts don't trump the law. I believe life is unique at conception. Woman loses her right to her body for 9 months at that point. Because her life does not trump the child's.  I guess in the $30-$35 range?  How would you feel about the SR M-Charizard for Lucario FA, Lysandres Trump Card FA, Korrina FA, and Aegislash EX? I am interested in the non promo kyogre ex, camerupt ex, and possibly fa lysandre's trump card, heres my binder
http://imgur.com/DaC5VHj Logistics and numbers can derail  the fun; smiles/hour trump miles/hour. Desire for retribution is no reason to trump up charges against an individual, especially a kid.  Cats trump human offspring in my book forever. Doesn't the government warning to stay in your home trump any message the Cirque du Soleil could put on their phones / website?  Sorry you had a shit night, but there were plenty of warnings. So the ability to earn money is the yardstick by which you judge others? Donald Trump is much better than Jonas Salk, or say, the guy who landed the plane on the Hudson? You seem like an awesome guy. another reason why you would still be wrong: card rules trump format rules. Note shadowborn apostle and relentless rats Instantly reminded me of [this](http://youtu.be/4gfhM4_ogwo) "The Situation" - Roast of Donald Trump  
WARNING: you may actually fall ill watching this Yes but shitty fanmade theories revolving around anything to do with Eevee trump all. &gt; You're unemployed? Work for free! Maybe, someday, that experience will trump the experience of people who have a degree and have already been working entry level positions.

[Can you be a Minority Woman?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_Aj8fQjd90) SKT believes that they don't even need trump card Faker to win 3-0 Obsession will trump money any day. Find something someone likes, that they're interested in, and they'll track it down for free. Prove it as Donald J. Trump says! :P Nice chapter, trump card show down in next chapter cant wait. BTW  how old is Rudeus atm? He isn't a fucking genius and he isn't cultured.

Stupid people can make "smart" decisions just as smart people can make stupid decisions.

Stupid people can be wealthy AND make terrible decisions, see Trump and Murdoch. Is that Trump stealing the Ferrari? I thought that Trump was all the proof anyone ever needed. I agree if Trump succeeds, then a watchable final it shall be. I'm not convinced Trump will get there though. Yes but it's nowhere near the popularity of MMA. If movies like rocky and the warrior both came out simultaneously, the warrior trump rocky with ease. Boxing just isn't as big as it used to be.  Damn that blow. Over at Trump we are all working 12 hour shift. And dealing with hella drunks. Good luck. Hey if you have Marshall's and tj maxx near you, one of them currently has a navy blue pleated midi by Ivanka Trump for I think around $60. It was really beautiful! I saw it last week but went into both so I forget which store carried it.  Autism is now like some kind of parental trump card.  It's all my autistic kid this and my autistic kid that. Jesus Christ I'm so sick of hearing about everyone's fucking autistic kids  I would still think that having even lv1 Infernos would trump having a full set of Lava walls, so the strategy would still be effective. thats a bold claim my friend, HOW are trump and murdoch stupid??? Workers rights don't trump employers rights Why do worker rights trump someone else's?  The worker can actually leave the situation at will.. Don't get too ahead of yourself. Yeah, you posted the sperm photo. But one day I will pull the trump card. 

The ace of fours. The decks that are dominating are all cheap. Patron Warrior, Face Hunter or Zoo.         

Check out Trump Teachings for tips. Great YT series.     427. Favourite music is currently Donald Trump by Mac Miller Listen to Trump RNG song and get golden legendaries erryday baby If you really think those two were the worst, you haven't been watching long. If we can all take a trip through time to Donald Trump vs. Rosie O'Donnell... I also really enjoy Donald Trump - Mac miller I will give you the benefit of the doubt since you may not have been watching for long, but Rosie vs Donald Trump beats out anything ever.  **SORRY, BUT HIS MULTIPLE EXCELLENT PRIME SEASONS AS WELL AS HIS FMVP AND BEING THE FIRST PG TO WIN IT ALL AS "THE GUY" SINCE BILLUPS/THOMAS EASILY TRUMP YOUR COMBINED RECENCY BIAS AND HOMERISM** ESL organizers  confirmed trump subs. DansGame Anyone watching the last frame of Trump vs. Bingham? I.am.dying. This semi between Trump and Bingham is so intense! Its such a display between to different characters. The young and chance-taking Trump, and the safe and stable Bingham. Exciting stuff! Thank you for this post. I can barely watch the match! Mixed feelings for both. Want Bingham to go through as he's played really well to beat O'Sullivan and dominated this match. On the other hand, Trump has done extremely well to stay in it. Ugh! It shows how strong Cascade is. I think it is one of the strongest mechanics they printed (I think there are few that really trump Cascade and one of those is Delve) Exactly this. I would love to see Trump in the final but Bingham is so strong.

EDIT: Awwww, poor Trump! :( But deserved by Bingham. Ive heard turalyon might trump em both Not trump.  Trump subs. Wow that's insane!
I wish there was some site where we could see how many other Wild players he'll trump in 60s... RIP Capgeek You're saying its strategic to conserve energy. That's not hiding your true power, thats saving it for your last resort. Hiding your true power means your doing so to keep people unaware of your trump card, keeping someone unable to plan around it. Well its exactly the same as mocking forsen's fans like the heavily downvoted poster did here. People aren't okay with that but they upvote hate against trump fans. So if I opened a UNIVERSAL bottle cap museum I could trump your hometown. You should read the EULA. EULA will probably trump that law bc it is a contract. My Trump Card Pokémon is my Eevee.

It knows Trump Card. I'm white and have randomly been accused of racism because I dared to disagree with a SJW. Now I just say, "Okay, I'm racist. What does that have to do with this conversation?" It's hilarious to take their trump card away from them. &gt; We're discussing someone's religious freedom. 

Religious freedom doesn't trump the rights of other people. There's a reason it's illegal to refuse service to black people on religious grounds. specifically lysandres trump card
 Eridian technology is the trump card for corporate power. Atlas was rumored to have alien technology that gave them an edge over competitors. With Eridian technology, Hyperion could have dominated the other corporations.
 Even though this might be the wrong place to ask: 
I can not, for the life of me win with patron warrior. Got the decklist from watching trump play.
Any tips? The dataset covers most (but not quite all) S&amp;P500 companies, so you really do need induction to get to "Surprise! Women Trump Men on CEO Pay" I've heard and read that since women have to do both of their businesses with the seat down that should trump men.  I've never actually met anyone that had a real fight over this, so I'd say it's just fodder for bad comics.  Donald Trump can't afford a better seat? Her master's not present and she's in the midst of a clan without any strong allies. She isn't an all powerful trump card just because she has some talent and is a frozen cloud disciple. Kudos to the pilots for parking that closely. They're intertwining their wings incredibly well. I'd be scared shitless and probably run into another jet like, "well fuck guess I owe Donald Trump a new jet wing" Good friend makes sense. Best friend is pretty serious where I come from. 

If there was a paper, rock, scissors of relationships I'm pretty sure best friend could trump SO in some cases. The problem is that quality wins will always, **always**, trump "quality losses". As they should. Here is what you want:

Le Baron de Paris

Close enough:

Vanity / Feria / Trump Room (Euro chicks)

You should not compare Vegas clubs to those in Tokyo though because clubs in Tokyo take a massive shit on Vegas ones.
 According to Forbes (via Wiki) Trump is worth $4 billion, and Murdoch 14, so its pretty close to 20 My cousin married a billionaire. He has more money than trump easily.  Low key but filthy rich.  &gt;No one, NO ONE, will ever trump how fucking cool the Nazis were.

Christ. With or without the billions, Trump is a peasant.

 Yeah I know I used the trump name because its recognizable. This guy makes trump look like s slum lord.  I can't seem to edit so I'll add another comment.

Wouldn't that hype and sensationalism for a "rematch" after a controversial victory like that be INSANE.  If they thought this was big $$$ that would trump it I'm sure. Yah. I could totally see trump needing one of these. he's lost in some 70's/80's "MOAR GOLD" idea of luxury.

That said, i bet it would look fantastic with a black pvd coated bracelet and a gold body. Can Wales go it alone though? Do they have a North Sea oil type trump card? Genuine question as I have no idea about Wales situation beyond seeing plaid in the debates Dosen't get much better than trying to cooly and confidently trump David with some dude's rendering of a Gundam. This match has great potential. I was delighted to hear Bingham beat Trump to get to the final. I'm rooting for Murphy but I hope Bingham makes it hard for him to win, I'd like to see a repeat of last night's score. But everyone's standard should be counted equally, even if you have tested yours rigorously mine may come from another angle that could trump yours even though you tested it. Those are French playing cards and it's an original Animal Tarot trump deck.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_tarot

They are very old and could be worth something to a collector iirc they haven't made a French Tarot deck since the mid 1800's. As these emails continue to leak, they only repeatedly hammer in that the egos of Sony execs trump the film-making process itself. But you just know Trump does everything in his name.  The one i think really did it was donald trump tho. Kool aid and frozen pizza was a nice sized hit or whatever people wanna call it i woudnt be to sure about trump (their HS player) beeing top five.
and thats from me beeing an avid trump watcher. "But if Trump reached legend with it, everone can!" I listened to Donald trump never hears the other two he got sued for not going to lie. I'd watch trump or just checkout general gameplay. Building a deck is nice an all but the true decision of win/lose is how well you play. Get a good grasp of timing, rhythm and groove. Always practice to a metronome if you must.

Playing two notes in time will always trump 100 notes played out of time.  that's odd, everything else I know about Trump led me to believe that he is just an amazing human being. &gt; castles trump standard siege weaponry.

IIRC Raventree Hall is mentioned to have square towers, as it is a very old castle. Newer castles usually have round towers, as to withstand projectiles better. Is Donald Trump actually a billionaire?   All of his businesses fail, where the hell is he getting his money? Genius!

I'm torn between tweeting back that Trump is a stupid gullible cunt ..but he might spot his mistake, so I'll sit on my hands instead! It's Trump change.  Literally.

3.7 million is next to nothing in the scheme of things. I'm no trump fan but 6% of your yearly income is still a decent bit of money.  Also calling bullshit that "there are tons of people donating 10-20% of their yearly salary to charity" I'd argue that you absolutely have an obligation to be charitable if you're that rich, and that if you have Donald Trump money and use it for almost exclusively vanity you ought to be rightfully called out for being shit. THAT'S WHAT TRUMP SAID &gt;I'm no trump fan but 6% of your yearly income

Nooooooo....  Yearly salary != yearly income... I was quite clear to stipulated that the $60m only makes up a small portion of his actual yearly income. everybody should watch [this documentary](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You%27ve_Been_Trumped).
It show how people like Donald Trump can do ANYTHING as long as they don't care about others and have enough money. How many times a week does Trump fall for the "please RT a photo of my dad/grandpa/uncle" thing? Even a 3000 year old scarecrow should've figured out reverse image search by now. This is what it is http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Protocols_of_the_Elders_of_Zion

Do peoples right to enjoy it trump people's rights to not be hurt by it? Yes. When I'm driving cross country I always stay at the local Trump Motor Lodge When someone else here posts a receipt or statement saying they've donated at least $50'000 to charity, I will allow them to judge Trump for ONLY donating $3.7 million..  I believe he does address the question directly at some point, but it does address the larger issue of "why is anyone listening to anything Donald Trump has to say on this issue?" I think the point was that it's insulting and useless to even be asked such a question, not that Trump is an idiot. There was a great Trump who was a brilliant real estate mogul that through leadership and hard work found amazing success.  And his first name was Fred.

Donald is a trust fund baby.  wait, trump is a pompous douchenozzle? This is possibly the best way to describe Trump that I can think of Is anyone really surprised that Donald Trump isn't a great guy?  Wiser plays are never a bad option. I can't link it now or I would, but there's a Trump bid when he's in the low single digit ranks winning with a free deck. Trump is an *incredibly* shitty person all around. Seriously, fuck trump a million times. There aren't many people which I hate as much as trump.  &gt;I'm sorry, I'm just confused on how this was constructive. 

It was not constructive to give Donald Trump attention. That was his point.  NO MAN, IF WE PUT TRUMP TEACHINGS SOMEWHERE 50% OF PEOPLE ON THIS SUBREDDIT WILL GET SUPER PERSONALLY OFFENDED BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED TO LIKE SOMETHING THAT THEY DON'T LIKE.  That and Trump is just a glorified germaphobe Every time Donald Trump makes a business decision, he's giving away money to somebody. Not that I don't believe you, but I'd really like to see some numbers on that.

You'd think that Trump would've revved up his business at this point, through trial and error if nothing else. Numbers trump skill eventually and this is as it should be. [The fucker sued a book author for defamation because he claimed Trump was only worth quarter a billion dollars.](http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/03/the-lawsuits-of-donald-trump/273819/) TIL Donald Trump is the Babadook. The idea of Trump making an anonymous donation is hilarious. Anything he donated would first be printed up on one of those giant foamcore checks. Last I heard, Trump didn't have any real money. And his last big sell-off included places with his name still attached.  Your anecdotal evidence doesn't trump regional averages of height. Asian people are on average short and smaller than Caucasians (and almost everyone else). This just in: trump still an asshat Still doesn't apply to Trump lol. Donald Trump buying Raw, only for Vince to buy it straight back the following week. We need answers! This is far more important than Obama's birth certificate. Was Trump just trying to deflect attention from his obvious Orangutan heritage by focusing attention on Obama's supposed Muslim heritage? It's a sad state of affairs when a worthless piece of shit like trump has anything more than 100$ in his bank... I suggest watching trump teachings as a good way of getting to know all the basic info March 2005, Forbes put Trump's worth at $2.6 billion

September 2010, Forbes estimates Trump is worth $2.4 billion

[Source](http://www.thewire.com/politics/2011/04/weve-been-trying-figure-out-how-much-trump-worth-20-years/36908/) Reminds me of the story where a magazine sent cheques for 13 cents to some of the world's richest people and only Donald Trump and a Saudi Arabian businessman actually cashed them. When munchies trump manners... 

Seriously though, what kind of person does that shit? 
 I was at a MLM meeting a month or so ago and saw several promotional videos of Trump endorsing their pyramid scheme.

I think we can safely say he isn't the most ethical of businessmen.
 Donald Trump is an ardent asshole. &gt; value

Well, Trump *is* the mayor of Valuetown. One act of charity does not redeem a lifetime of miserliness. Its like if trump were scrooge in a Christmas carol and then after the spirits visited, he became generous for a day and then went back to being a greedy bastard for the rest of his life.  That's certainly one question, but I think most people are more curious about whether Donald Trump raped and murdered a woman in 1994. And Donald Trump even looks like a piece of shit, so there's that too. Donald Trump has declared bankruptcy four times...he came out smelling like a rose...his creditors not so much. &gt; Now that Trump is again threatening to run for president... God, Trump handled that about as poorly as you can, but Seth Meyers is so unfunny he makes Jim Norton look like Richard Pryor.

Edit: Am I seriously getting downvoted for criticizing Donald Trump? If Donald Trump submitted to a dunk tank as a fundraiser, he'd instantly become the most fundraisingest cat in town. Wet cat. That hair. I'd pay to see it. Geez OP, in the time it took you to find your 'source', Trump declared another bankruptcy. Knuckle is great for PvP unless you have Achlyophage/Third Man. Then they sort of trump it. Yeah, I know, they're only useful during your supers, but they make your supers SO much better that it's worth the tradeoff. Its not a secret that Trump is a huge asshole. I was there when trump was involved in Wrestlemania XXV. Backstage Trump was always weird. He would talk to only black wrestlers and ignore the white ones. His wife always seemed to be checking the Caucasian superstars out though.  &gt; that's odd, everything else I know about Trump led me to believe that he is just an amazing human being.


You spelt twat wrong. Why does Trump put his name on everything? Because no one else ever will.  Yea, and in 1988 he was worth about $3 billion. Trump is a lousy businessman. It's not like it's a huge secret that Donald Trump is a dickbag. What, you haven't read the Trump manga? i mean ok but 3.7m is hardly anything in donald trump numbers. it'd be like me donating 30$ Donald Trump is just another republican hypocrite. According to this guy, you're at least 4X the ardent philanthropist Trump is! &gt;October 2005: Timothy O'Brien's book TrumpNation charges that Trump is worth just $150 million to $250 million. Trump sued for defamation, and lost.



Lol Yea, he didn't answer the question. He just called Trump dumb, but never said if we should or shouldn't do it. Donald Trump is a figurehead used by the real elite for us to channel our bitterness towards. Fuck Donald Trump and fuck all billionaires. No one should be allowed to have more than 1 million dollars. Fuck those greedy faggots. Donald Trump is a professional liar. Donald Trump has a net worth of AT LEAST 2.7 billion dollars. He's given 3.7 million to charity. That's the equivalent of someone with a net worth of $27000 giving $37. Just to put it into perspective. You lost me at "Donald Trump has described himself as... " Is Trump really a billionaire? I figured it was all bullshit, like the big Lebowski.   [This article explains how Trump himself unapologeticaly uses it](http://www.forbes.com/sites/clareoconnor/2011/04/29/fourth-times-a-charm-how-donald-trump-made-bankruptcy-work-for-him/). I sense Trump bashing, so why is Trump being targeted exactly on Reddit today? There are far worse people currently existing on this Earth, and have hurt many with their money and power. Thats generosity? Wow no shit. I thought it was giving more than expected. Hes the opposite. Gives less than is expected. No one in mass believes trump helped boston in any way so idk where your,coming from except,for his politics Donald Trump is a piece of shit. Case closed. Has Donald Trump ever answered the allegations that he **raped and murdered five prostitutes in New Jersey?** This sounds like a WWE angle. 

Me McMahon: DONALD, I'VE DONATED MORE TO THE TRUMP FOUNDATION THAN YOU HAVE, DAMMIT! oh I see my bad, I don't know enough about Trump to notice haha I see your point, but when you have Donald Trump amount of money, then it's a different story  Jobs never claimed he was a philanthropist, though.  Jobs wasn't trying to get good PR by doing nothing - Trump is. Who gives a shit, it's just words.  It doesn't help or hurt anybody.  BIG NEWS: Donald Trump said something annoying. At one point he was quoted as pointing out the bum outside Trump towers with $5 cash and no debt was wealthier than him... as he walked in to go to his gold plated office. But I can't remember the source so that could be bullshit. There's a shitload of people out there who believe the shit Donald Trump says and believe he's a successful businessman to model themselves after.  Just look at his Apprentice shows and books. Donald Trump is a selfish asshole who is a plague on the American people. In other news the sky is blue, water is wet, and Mayweather is a pussy. Donald trump has several billion dollars. If he is a philanthropist at heart how much do you estimate would be a value of money that would even slightly appear to be charity? They can most certainly read at a Trump level.  Full on rapist? Oh wait, I forgot we're talking about trump and not Charlie  According to translate.google.com, it gets mangled into English as:

"The cook up a swag of gold on Sian's me boxing punches, Trump said not really, but I really lost it now wants revenge pro Morant was a consideration too. Thank you !!!! " 331 will trump anything below that.  No screenshot, but I got Repentance in a Dragon Paladin mirror matchup.

He played Ysera into it.

I heard Trump cum from miles away. I think you'd be surprised, if a landholder has an option to sell to Trump or another equally rich businessman, he won't sell to Trump if he knows he is a jackass.  Sorry, I wasn't supporting Trump in anyway.  I hate his guts.  I'm just saying your point about him being a douche doesn't really affect whatever he's doing.  There's a lot of people out there who commend his douchery. If you want to work as a curator then experience is absolutely necessary. Try to take some time to get experience ( either through internships/volunteer positions). Many times in that field experience will trump education.  How is trump arrogant? It's still out of line. They should be saying "convicted" not "suspected". Otherwise it's still not due process. You need to be read your rights, provided legal council and then duly convicted. The 16th Amendment does not trump the 4th. You're dumb as fuck. Trump prides himself on philanthropy.  I'm really into trump games (in rough order: spades, euchre, hearts, sheepshead) It's a bad thing if you can't manage it well.  A good player knows to stop when he/she gets what he/she needs.  You want the ABILITY to draw your whole deck but you never actually DO IT.  Also Lysandre Trump Card. So NBC gives money to charity...Aside from paying Trump a hefty salary to be on the show. He gets paid to be there, which is fine, but let's not turn him into a big philanthropist for it. &gt; 3.7 million is pocket change to him.

Oh fuck off. $3.7million is not pocket change to anyone. Especially a guy like Donald Trump who most likely, despite his claims, has a lot of debt and all of his money tied up in non-liquid assets. Perhaps I misinterpreted you saying that show canon will trump book canon.  Numbers trump skill. Every time. I think the Post deals crap to men and women alike. Were they sexist when they dragged Bill Clinton and Donald Trump through the mud when those guys screwed around on their wives? See? Like others have said...it opens up the gates for Jorah to return, but just as important, it probably gives them a reason to trump up Daario's character.  I think the egregiousness of false rape accusations should trump these norms. The school can directly ask parents of boys if they want them to get dragged through the mud like that. Working hard to get ahead.

Really, there's so much more to life. I mean, get a job, do it well, and don't shirk responsibilities. But this should never trump self-development, making good friends, and loving family. oh man i'll have to read up on that pokemon amie thing... my trump card pokemon is and always will be eevee. thanks for the info!  Ser Trump demands the death certificate. As a mother...my and my child's rights trump yours whenever and wherever.  Well yeah, she was taunting Regina. She has a trump card and Regina can't do anything about it
 Donald Trump is made commissioner of the league dooming it to failure  simple statist mentality, us vs them. It has nothing to do with being an ancap, where everyone realizes, individual rights trump mythical non-existant society rights. ... DC really hasn't followed Marvel's lead. Justice League could trump Avengers but they're going to segment everything and fuck up...i can feel it. But who could ever be in a position to trump Paul's pastoral advice?  Barry died just to trump up the Sons of the Harpy as a legit threat. Ser Barristan did the job. Donald Trump the smooth smooth fruit. His hairpiece would finally be free! There's Comcast or FairPoint.  Just the lesser of two evils.  There's also SoVerNet, but their business offerings trump their consumer ones a bit. Watch Trump on Youtube he makes 4 decks completely free to play, and they kick ass. I think his ability is more of a trump card. He can probably only do it like once a day, and if they're able to resist it he suffers a huge backlash. came here to mention Trump Teachings. I've been playing since beta, but watching Trumps videos still helps me get better to this day. Are you saying that some sort of public opinion, or some analysis would trump a lawful verdict? I would argue that Amaz and maybe even Forsen is bigger than Trump now though. Atleast they get usually get more viewers (i never see Trump with over 30k) i think we will see the first iterations of of the 390(x) in action in june though at the AMD/pcgamers E3 section.  what better way to showcase your trump card than at a gaming event :D I can understand that, but at some point Club has to be trump Country...  if it is the best solution for the club, then you have to do it. Even being a bastard, he should still trump Tommen, at least he has an actual blood relation to the former rightful king. Law doesn't trump convention. I honestly cannot fathom how some people allow greed to trump sensibility, particularly when their children and grandchildren will suffer greatly from this. It really is insane. Green arrow traffic lights trump pedestrians, of course.

Also, you are not going to find a law that something is *not* recognized.  The law only talks about the real traffic lights.

This was all in your traffic booklet when you got your license. If Trump buys more things, that necessitates the creation of more jobs. Now, instead of just having one meal paid for by Trump, the person becomes self-sufficient and can pay for their own meals. Sorry, feelings doesn't trump the first amendment. Donald Trump is the epitome of greed to me
 Fazer um cherry picking com bilionários famosos é meio fácil. Eu aposto que empresários ricos sejam mais parecidos com um Donald Trump da vida do que Bill Gates He's a tough one to convince, it took me ages to get him to concede Cloud beating Composite Link. I thought it would be easier here, since Sora's Feats trump Cloud's in almost all aspects Donald Trump visits occasionally doesn't he? Esports aka the same circlejerk of people i bet they will even invite Trump and actually good players that dont stream on twitch will be missing Unless you're bleeding out you'd wait in the most expensive hospital in LA.  Semiserious doesn't trump the guy wheeled in after a heart attack. He does not own that jet.  His brand, which is owned by a consortium of bankers who bailed him out of enormous debt (about three times) owns that jet.  Trump heralds his brand named Trump, but only receives a salary from the consortium.  Get it yet? &gt; Fuck all these feels about freedom of speech. That line of thinking is bullshit.

My feels trump your Constitutional rights! You literally just echoes like 6 other people. You're absolutely right though, kinda sad how people's desires trump everything else though...  You are the god of gods in your campaign.

Your rules trump all. All attack rolls against this player will be natural 20s if you desire it. Didn't Trump reach legend on a basic deck? Or was it a f2p deck? I can't remember which. On the other hand, `replace` is an obvious name, while `=` will trump any newcomer in Pony and will likely trump even experienced developers regularly (especially if they jump from one language to another). I wonder if we don't already have it in Rust. I would expect some equivalence between `iso` and `Send`, though maybe `Rc` can trump `Send` (what does it no trump?). Your magical beliefs trump the rights i have with my body. ReaLly great world you guys are pushing No Faker actually wants to play and was kind of disappointed he didn't get to play. SKT is starting to flaunt him like a not-so-secret trump card and I'm sure he will get less playing time as Easyhoon starts to prove that he can pick up the slack. The Donald Trump vs Rosie O'Donnel fake match made me say:

"What the fuck is this shit?"

I quit watching immediately 

I watched a random Raw from Las Vegas in 2011 and I've been back since. &gt; anybody self posting their own content is lame.

Yeah because people like Kripp and Trump were just born popular. Everybody starts out self posting their own content. Well you can't edgehog in Sm4sh because of ledge trump so you can still get edge guarded, but you have a pretty good chance of making it back every time.  [I whip out my trump card.](http://i.imgur.com/S4PEyWX.jpg) Judd Trump had the flu recently, as did some other players. Maybe he spread his germs by accident and they're all about to get sick haha. see anything [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/pkmntcgtrades/comments/34rygv/usus_ca_h_inrotation_exs_lvlxs_holos_and_much/) for that Lysandre's Trump card, Korrina, and Professor Oak's New theory? I don't trust them, they're a bit like the pre-coalition Lib Dems, where they pretend to be populist, but have a lot of unnerving history (congratulating RBS, siding with Donald Trump and Murdoch, etc.) This is like a GetMotivated Trump Card! &gt;  But who could ever be in a position to trump Paul's pastoral advice?

Paul himself.  In 2nd Corinthians Paul retracts much of what he said in 1st Corinthians. I think Lysandre, VS Seeker, and Teammates are a must.  I'm starting to feel that way about Trump Card, too.  

If you play the VS Seekers you can go with fewer of each supporter since you can keep recycling them.
 Overclocking could make your CPU 25% faster, but that would still only give you a few frames. 

GPU upgrades almost always trump CPU upgrades once you have an i5. This distinction can be made for anyone. Trump has declared bankruptcy. Sometimes it can be the correct financial decision. It definitely doesn't mean broke.  Yeah, but O'Sullivan and Trump kinda failed to steam-roll him. Even if Murphy is stronger these weeks, he cannot that be *much* stronger. I only need my favorite trump card... [BIDOOF!](http://i.imgur.com/81gCA.png)

And [its mega evolution](http://i.imgur.com/WDxMf.png) Na'Vi has done nothing in 2015 and they didn't impress in the later parts of 2014 either. Both VP and NIP trump them in terms of achievements while still having very few roster changes. I was rooting for Murphy, but we can't deny that over the last two weeks Bingham was simply the best player. You can't beat Trump and O'Sullivan the way he did and not be a deserving World Champion. TSM Trump anyone? IIRC TSM also has 3 incredibly famous hearthstone players : Massan, trump and kripp(each having about 15k-30k views if they stream) in their organisation. Feelings trump facts.  I state that I believe the truth about the LDS church. Science, DNA studies, Egyptology, accurate history, logic, and reasoning trump the warm fuzzies. Think about it. 2 extra discipline gives you 30% dmg. That will trump everything else. 8% RCR makes you shoot 8% more and .5% CHC will not be noticeable.  Really useful article. I pay a premium to live in high-rises (Previously lived in a building in Lakeshore East, and now live in a high-rise in the South Loop) for the convenience and luxury. Fuck Trump and 2400 in move-in/move-out fees.  I USE LINUX! &lt;-- Ultimate Trump Card. TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP did donald trump go to school. did warren buffett go to school.  did john maynard keynes go to school.

no.

they made their fortunes on phase 2 data releases. 

good boy.  an attractive passive metrosexual will get more female attention than a less attractive masculine guy. looks trump masculinity. "While you were sleeping with married men, I was cashing Trump Checks!" - Nene Leakes I just told you what the law is doing. Facts trump rhetoric and rhetoric is all you are left with.  Fact the FTC is currently suing AT&amp;T under similar circumstances.  You don't have to like it but you certainly can't refute it.  time for Trump to step up.. Awesome match against Trump in the semi. Very happy for the guy, looks like a really nice bloke. Don't forget Trump either. Great Hearthstone player, and he runs a World of Warcraft guild. Trump is probably my favorite TSM member. The Vulcan Harasser is the TR's trump card, since pretty much all TR AV is crap. And secondly a weapon system shouldn't be able to beat a dedicated AV weapon, then go on to farm infantry with ease afterwards. No problem. I've not played hearthstone for a few months, but even back in January I kind of felt that Massan and Trump weren't going to be relevant in tournaments any longer.  Free rent would.

Well at least for me, that would do it.

But we need to look at the real upside of living in that ugly building.. Once you are inside you can't see Trump Tower. I felt the same way, especially when he had a "discussion" with Trump about the lease processing fee.  Their excuse is that it was illegal to reveal the donations under Canadian law. That would trump an "agreement".  Lol. Went 3-3. Final match was against a guy named Trump. Not sure if it was the real Trump or not but he was pretty good.  
Anyway out of the pack got a Gazlowe. I'll say the app gave it too me lol. Living in Trump tower, making prostitutes crawl to the bedroom... How very *American Psycho*. Typically, I reply with a gif.  However, you've played my trump card.  I will never not fanboy over Doctor Horrible. It's because she is scared and she feels this mental emptiness and doesn't know how to cope. Eventually another event will trump this and she will move on to fixating on that.  Dgoold is on ***point*** tonight

&gt;Fascinating relief choices tonight. #Cardinals double-down on former #Cubs in relief to trump #Cubs use of former #Cardinals closer Motte.

https://twitter.com/dgoold/status/595420157700415488 He probably also eats dosa/roti etc with fork and knife. Douchebaggery at Donald trump levels here. IMO Luffy hads been holding back this entire chapter to let law do all he could. He didnt want to tak away from laws goal or accomplishments this fight was 1st and foremost Laws He was just the trump card Can't give our trump card away too easily. I'd say Broly is weaker actually, it just that he has unlimited endurance as an advantage. If you can beat him quickly he wouldn't be much of a fight. Which by logic of SSJ Goku plus Z-fighter energy beating him, SSJ3-Anyone should trump him no problem. What do you do in the government job? If it's relevant it may trump volunteering.  I didn't say good or harm was impossible to measure; the point is that those broad "communism killed X" statements aren't nearly as much of a trump card as many people seem to think.  Prison Trump is best Trump Kappa Shit.  My brother had a place out on W. Wellington for $2500/mo.  3 bed, two bath, 1400ft^2.  I'd much rather move into that than Trump Tower. I thought Gilbert Godfried was a bad idea but this one might trump it.  Forget about OP's shitty title, and go back and read the article. Its not satire. Its an article called "The downsides of living at Chicago’s Trump Tower" and its a list of 10 things that sound like actual problems that a resident would face. [But he and Trump both drowned :(](http://strawpoll.me/4282345) I was going to move to trump towers, but forget it now. Maybe they made new cards, but back when I played, this was the only ultimate trump card around that didn't get forbidden listed. And the One to trump them all. I hope both Bjergsen and Febiven get the chance to play against Him, not only against EasyHoon. I felt bad for Murphy because he's such a nice bloke as well but you could tell everyone was rooting for Stuart. 

I'm a complete casual, once a year snooker fan but the semi against Trump was such an amazing match, I didn't want either of them to lose. Yep well, I guess poop will trump popcorn any day of the week.

Kudos to you as well. Amaz, 4sen, Crapparian, Reytard all suck Trump best streamer NA.





 After beating O'Sullivan and Trump on the way to the final it would of been rather cruel if he hadn't of won. If anything, I think authors would be Trump 12. If you are moving into  Trump Tower, you are supposed to have "people" to handle all that nonsense. Sheesh. Fuckin' proletariat don't know how anything works. :) Yeah, lost any sympathy I may have had when OP made it clear his desires trump the safety of everyone else on the road that night. 3. Watch good streamers, like Trump (like you have), Strifecro, Kolento and such. You'll learn a lot. &gt; I may have this wrong, but I understand treaties that the United States signs trump federal law.

You have that very wrong.
 Okay.  Was just simply saying if the argument of "it's his right" is going to be used then when does the right of one person trump the right of another, or of multiple others? Watch some streamers who are playing the deck. I think both StrifeCro and Trump have been playing it, check their YouTube and Twitch pages for past broadcasts. Patron is actually a pretty tricky deck to play.  The rest of us at Trump have a private chauffeur.  He's obviously new money if he's complaining about using the help's elevator.  
 Its Jon, not John. And he's a comedian much like Donald Trump is a backseat driver and a unqualified leader. I've watched a few trump arena drafts does he count? seems reasonable. thus there is the so-called "snowballing" out of control that pros like Kripp and Trump often talk about. I don't know whether to laugh at this or be disgusted that you included Donald Trump among Warren Buffet and John Keynes So Texans are going to let someone else's profits trump all environmental concerns *as well as* squash growth in renewable technology.  Way to be part of the problem, Texas. Opinions do not trump science  Why is Trump playing himself? Hyper Clock Up is basically time travel. It 'should' trump the slowdown. This is a good answer. The only one of those I think he could best is Kiritsugu because his trump card is the magic bullets and batman doesn't have magic circuits. You have your morals, everyone else has theirs.

Why should yours trump mine? I played Trump yesterday when he wasn't streaming.  He played the silliest deck of uneconomical shit I've ever seen. Ledge trump to bair or reverse Charge Shots are my ultimate, especially when i use the tether. So good. That's true, but my point is when you trump politeness over everything else you might lose sight of it. How is this even a question?  Trump is worth about 4 billion dollars.  That buys about 8 billion doses of anti-malarial medication.

Or one hell of a James-Bond-villain-style volcano base.

I'd probably go halfsies between the two. Awesome, I've watched trump before and had no idea he did this. Thanks for pointing it out! Holy crap. Even Donald Trump is saying that build's too expensive. Religious rights do not trump civic ones. Get with the times. first, nice dodge of the simple direct question on whether you downvoted me.

&gt; your basic assertion of looks trump masculinity is a case of no shit Sherlock, that's pretty obvious.

ok, nice that you understand that.  I believe Trump said cone of cold would be good replacement And shame on the media for not totally calling him - and particularly Trump - out for this sort of time-wasting showboat BS  Fuck varied and well thought out, the truth and passion trump variation everyday Quite the opposite. The media LOVES Trump and the band of crazies in the race. Hillary vs. Bush son part II is a nightmare for them. Dollar bills trump hitting next or delete on feedback threads.  Very witty rebuttal. It's fine though, some people are able to think about their beliefs logically and other people think that feelings trump everything else. It doesn't make you a bad person, just an inconsistent one.  It wasn't haha, that's what I was saying.  I was playing someone that was clearly a newbie (or at least didn't follow Trump's Golden Law of Value), but he had Trump as a name. He could of made a fortune by doing a Judd Trump and wearing a huge Burger King logo but chose instead to support Royal Manchester Children's Hospital. That's class right there.

Edited to correct the name of hospital Donald trump is a bum. Steve Jobs was actually pretty cut throat, or even Gates back in the day squeezing netscape to death. If a speedy character is playing very well it can mess up my footsies with Ganon. Once won a match by being behind, getting 1 kill and then threw my opponent off stage at low %. Used the ledge trump setup into guarenteed Ganoncide.

Ganoncide. That response was about as serious and thoughtful as a Ben Carson or Donald Trump presidential run.  Alright! And so you know I have two Lysanders trump cards, 3 prof. Oaks new theory and 1 korrina if you'd like more than one of the other two.  Donald Trump doesn't sound very underground I wanna see Vegito again. That's like..the freaking trump card of all trump cards lol. He was such a badass. Congrats Ratsmah! He's one of my favorite arena streamers.

In case you didn't know, here's an awesome Ratsmah vs Trump freestyle battle:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KN0u0HjfW94 So are bankruptcies for companies like genocide for you? Which is more violent, watching Donald Trump fire someone or a professional boxing match?  Probably the Trump thing if we're talking about Manny v Floyd rules do not trump law One does not trump the other. They are [intersectional](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intersectionality) factors. Wow, seriously?  One absolutely does trump the other.  Are you saying a culture of mandatory child rape at 6 years old is on equal footing with being a child? I hate Fox news, I hate it even more because Donald Trump came on attacking Carly Fiorina. He actually made sense and I agree with him, I feel so dirty now. still a good rate for the weekend.  I couldn't get a room that low at the Trump and I work for them :( If you can get nice strings (death or not), put it in a combo video. One and done clips (unless it is good mechanic usage like Jabbing a downed opponent into a kill move or ledge trump follow-up string) don't belong. Do you have a source for this?  Would love to see if this 2/3 started from nothing or more like Trump self-made.   Lol at trying to trump up Roger Ver mailing fireworks as hard as they can. A sad sign of desperation. Not that science is that story even to me. Well, one cannot prove to someone that they do no benefit from their beliefs because they hold them very tightly, along with their ego, and believe their reasons for believing trump everything else. Seems legit.. but shouldn't they have waited? The officers were named and charged, seems to be jumping the gun a bit to play a trump card before you know the result. Now if charges are dropped you don't have the upper hand. &gt;  *"never more than a fringe movement of the republican party"*

When Fox News repeatedly had Donald Trump on their channel to vomit his birther bullshit, that does not make it a *"fringe movement"*.

 I really enjoyed that video, lots caught me off guard, nice choice in music as well! (shazamed it actually.) 

That poor poor DK Amiibo. Lol

But dang dude...that Dtilt on the Greninja + Ledge Trump was hilarious! No you don't. Something always has to die to feed a carnivore.     
The question here is whether one animal's innate need to hunt can trump another's right to a *peaceful* death. TSM also has Trump Massan and Kripp if I'm not mistaken. They're part of the hearthstone scene. none of you took into account that trump is old. and that the baby will experience insane technologies one day potentially. like the singularity. disappointing reddit.  [Video of Trump playing it at high rank legend before the nerf.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mH3KxLsA24Q) Women passed up the best chance in history to have a female Vice President in 2008. Gender and "making history" don't trump all other concerns. Nice one, everyone at the Trump Roast i thought that was gonna be cringeworthy but Trump killed it! He has a little sister who sees this stuff, and it makes him EXTREMELY uncomfortable, but he also said he doesn't want to trump "creativity", so yea... 10/10 Martian Manhunter wins. Martian Manhunter doesn't even have a chance. Look at Martian Manhunter's feats? Do you see any feats there that trump Martian Manhunter? Martian Manhunter's got some real good feats. Sorry, but we're not gonna take Donald Trump off your hands. Just saying.  V-Moda M100 is the trump card here.  I think there is an error. Trump VS Trump? That bastard is too conservative.  Yes, I know we risk getting Euchred if you call trump too aggressively, but you need to be able to recognize when you have a playable hand and go for it, or we will never get any points. &gt; You won’t find this mentioned in ads for Trump rentals

but you will in the lease. if youre too lazy, have your life coach read it for you. I think the HUD itself is good enough to trump all that. This year's one is hands down my favourite out of all 3. I'd be willing to wager that normal mercs would shiver in fear at the guys willing to behead and skullfuck them, or worse.

So no. ISIS would still trump whatever the pencil pushers could throw at them. We also don't live in the same global environment as Rome of empires trying to trump each other  **Ass hair**. Girls please, when you shave your pussy, remember to shave the asscrack too. There is nothing more boner-softening mid doggystyle, tha Donald Trump tupee peeking from between your buttcheeks. Misogyny and rape work the same way for SJW feminists. They trump up every little casual thing, snared in a vast and trivializing net of those words. But then they still demand that the words have the magnitude of stigma of the real definitions. I honestly can't say anymore, he definitely regrets massacring all those worlds and is repentant for his crimes but does that trump his hate for only Black Panther? Additionally, if you're not already deficient in B6 then supplementing may not help you much.

Also, not being sufficiently well-rested and/or having stress/anxiety can completely trump the positive effects of anything else. How much of that is rural driving? Which is what I was talking about.

But to answer your last question, freedom should always trump safety, at least in the US.  Private rights trump the greater good. Every time. Ok probably intrerested in both trump card but only one of the others. Can you possibly pick put say, 3 of those holos for my wants? :D &gt;Just like if you voluntarily let a cop in your house without a warrant when they threaten to trump up a bunch of bullshit charges and break your door down.

FTFY Oops my bad. It's a pity you don't have BP chopper for your team otherwise it'd be perfect. I guess for now just focus vista nami and nico. There'll be better units in the future that'll trump krieg easy so lay off him.  &gt; watch trumps teaching videos

[Link to Trump Teachings YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KjtRokhpvM&amp;list=PLvEIxIeBRKSjprrvlbAcbVjzHsnH9PjDX) Give Donald Trump $10,000,000,000...ask him to invest it for you. Tl;dr, emotions trump logic or facts. The trump card:

Tim Tebow Finally, someone who doesn't poke his nose where it doesn't belong. I never bought the idea that curiosity can somehow trump out possible mortal danger.
 Canadians trying to trump up their lowly "inventions." Don't let the Dodo brand cloud your judgement. :) If it comes down to the lesser of two evils, then M2 will trump TPG before the bell sounds. and Trump is in front of Mike Tyson haha Walk right up to the Trump tower and go into my office right
at the top. I think the worst is people of inherited wealth.  People like Donald Trump who started life with a 50 million dollar fortune and act like they are super geniuses for having been born 10 laps ahead of everyone else. "Tempo tempo" &lt;.&lt; *and somewhere, trump shed a tear, for the value*  Look at it from a % of bodyweight perspective! That usually makes me feel better cause I trump my bf sometimes haha. Omnimon off the bat? Things are not looking good if they have to use their trump card digimon now.


I'm ok with it being a series of movies, but I really wish it was a series again D: Hahaha, had to use the Zahredinne trump card.

Are you at least willing to admit their percentage is uncommon in the SAA? Or not even that? No, she *loves* my brother. My trump card for getting her to do something (which is rarely, but you know), is to tie my brother into the situation somehow (with his consent of course, often it's something we both agree on) What's "sexual incompatibility" to you?  Wouldn't being friends then falling in love before sex trump any "incompatibility"? Did I say tempo tempo? I was just saying it's a tempo heavy deck and tempo is an archetype that I really enjoy, that's all :P

Also trump is probably dehydrated from crying so much :P and Jake Gyllenhaal is a sat 2 rows in front of Tyson, with Donald Trump in between. This is a fun game! Sorry, this I cannot do; I wish it were so, but as you know, unlike for hamplanets, for shitlords and ladies, facts trump fee fees.  I'd say it's more to do with the Infinity stone in his forehead. The power cosmic tends to trump magic in the Marvel U. No idea if those rules hold true in MCU. That one's a trump card They seem to think their philosophy can trump reality.  I'm pretty sure they think science is as inferential as philosophy or theology, and can be denied by crying biological essentialism. Park Place to Trump Tower No haha, trump always says tempo tempo when he does a tempo play haha. I'm more value oriented from playing pally but that's a dying breed so I've been playing more tempo lately.

And they're tears of joy ;u;  Alaba already is one of the best in the world for some time and steadily improving. It's very likely that he'll trump them Sunny isles haha? The trump towers? Are you on vacation here? Except that resists trump hp on Garen because of W passive which with masteries gives you 27% bonus armor and mr. Cinderhulk, cleaver and mallet are just very strong items when you combine them all on a melee ad caster. He is asking us because he knows his 1SG is going to tell him to suck it up and come in at 2300 and he is looking for us to give him a magic trump card.  The 10th Amendment reserves rights to the States AND to the People. It doesn't permit state tyranny. Individual rights trump tyranny at all levels. yeah yeah yeah, social norms trump the rule of law. I get it, Fuck me for expecting to be able to get from point A to Point B in a law abiding and safe way. My bad, I'm sorry for expecting such a fucking unreasonable thing. Ohbot makes me feel like I'm in Trump chat sounds like social norms trump the rule of law then  Are you saying abortion is lawful under God's law?  Or in current human law?

Would you agree that God's law would trump human law? I don't agree with that. A child's safety is not a valid reason to trump anyone's rights.  Yes, you can short it. No, that is not at all a safe way to make money, and "leveraged decay" does not trump returns. Look at the price history of a 3x S&amp;P 500 fund in the last few years and tell me if you would have liked to short it. Yeah, in fact, A's endgame always seemed to involve killing Mona since she got kicked out of the team. Let's hope the liars trump him before he offs Mona for good. If you are going by that reason trump has slept in before, he missed a match from that. 

And trump missed a tournament before because he slept in. (fixed) Oh, they most definitely made the right choice. Passenger safety should always trump aesthetics.  not true. trump missed his flight. he knew about the visa.  A surprise attack and the speed of bullets may trump Absorbing Man's ability to turn into something immune to it. Also, it's Crusher Creel, not Krill. Krill are the tiny shrimp that whales eat. Baby steps. You don't go full on Trump chat in a day. It takes time. A slow indoctrination. It wasn't a cam, until a quality trump was released most of them had it. kripp chat is literally trump chat minus sub mode these days Not even a series? Like a bo5? Lol Trump is good Kappa One more: Trump vs RDU http://youtu.be/R06XVSQR2pY The last anti aggro priest made by Trump looks pretty solid in ladder, immediately improved my win ratio. My old kolento's control deck was sucking so hard in this meta... i just don't like having the Lesbian interpretation of the show always trump  or be second bananas to the Trans interpretation of the show. trans people are so much more underrepresented in media compared to the sexuality minorities. 

ugh, politics.   Man, that would be crazy. I imagine a show like that would trump any other show I've ever seen. Why would it never happen? I don't see the acts as being too far apart in terms of audience/aesthetic.  When you control and manipulate raw speed, you trump a simple blue hedgehog.  Is the power permanent? Either way, I'd give it a trump rating of at least 5. More than one power at a time? If yes: Trump 8

If no: Trump 5

But really, it depends on what you mean by 'inverse'. What would happen if they touched, say, Lung? Or Contessa? Well, in that case you have a guy who just gets more powerful the more capes you throw at him. Trump 10 and misc. other ratings as he gains new powers. My cousin works at trump tower as a securely guard, you should see the drunk people dribbling out on the sidewalk. The videos he has I  his phone are hilarious. Okay, yeah, Trump 4, maybe 5 at a push to account for unpredictability. Probably with an addendum on which power he was last seen using. Just in case we need a trump card. If we get attacked or something.  
/u/Bearpaw700 So you're saying they would update his rating depending on what powers he currently had? Or would they stick with a set trump rating. technically the supreme court doesn't trump anything, and instead the job of the supreme court stems from an overreach of power by john marshall in the marbury v madison case of 1803 the new testmanet is supposed to trump it all, and the sermon on the mount was pretty explicit, place no god above the one true god, and it was volunteered the second most important was, love they neighbor...those two are supposed to trump everything. Meh.. too much broad brush painting. 

"All types are equal" ... WTF does that mean? Trump is equal to DaVinci? 

Needs work.  These might even trump the cheese cake filled ones Dunkin Donuts introduced a while back That makes sense. A negation Trump power specific to the Master... I certainly cant't think of anything more appropriate. Donald Trump has really let himself go.  The reynad vs trump week 7 youtube link leads to a Xixo vs dog match PRT doesn't rank powers, it would be pointless in most cases.

He would be rated: Trump 1-12* No, if the idiot has a lawyer, the lawyer knows things about how to work the system that trump the actual issue.  If faced with a lawyer, you need one of your own so you don't lose on a technicality. It's always fascinating how the best interests of the child trump men's rights but never women's rights.  Screw that, those fools should know that her quest for a husband trump any all "deficiencies" in stats! Meg for best lord of all time! Lol, and mods are the only thing pc has to trump console. &gt; Compare that to nutcase Donald Trump &amp; Bill O'Reilly who said that people shouldn't offend religious people by saying/doing sinful things.

Two cowards. Just don't do what Donald Trump does, but you probably couldn't afford that anyway. Well, I think we were pretty hot shit, but those colorful uniforms easily trump ours. 

TL;DR: 2D wins again.  But why do these other goals trump the struggle of the lower class? Ye I'd would say Zimmer is the trump card when it comes to this. Driving impaired is disregarding the safety of others, regardless. Your driving privilege doesn't trump my right to live. 

Check you're Handi-capable privilege, bruh.  Reddit would go ballistic. Might even trump the Kabum upset. Ramsay has become legitimate by decree of the King. He would trump all other claimants to House Bolton. Subjective.  Is the particular moral universal?  Your morals may be someone else's archaic dogma.  Is empathy enforcable?  Does rigid morality trump situational ethics?  That's a winding road with many branches.   I didn't know we could mulligan more than one card for about two weeks I think, only realised it was possible after watching some Trump videos. I think disarming nuclear warheads across the globe would lead to one very happy, poor, asian, country having a trump card over a certain other country because they never disarmed their nuclear warheads. If I could predict it then anybody could. Unfounded rumours don't trump business sense, so the TMNT rumour should have been treated like a rumour.  This is a great idea. Makes edgehogging require better timing because you can't regrab for invincibility and you can opt to trump for more percent when in other cases they would either safely recover or just die. You're welcome to roll your eyes at whoever you want. As long as the church gets to trump our Basic Law, creating a hostile environment for people I personally know, I have every reason to be cranky.  I thought "Donald Trump as young scene girl" when i saw this. &gt;Their just kids...


I hate that phrase so much. It's like the trump card of bad parenting. Yes they are just kids,which means when they do something that is socially unacceptable you correct them. DON'T MAKE EXCUSES! Maybe it shortens the users life span. That would make it a nice trump card Don't worry Dalaran Mage, when Hobo cancer decks get the support to become viable, you'll be my trump card.

(plz don't unerf this card blizzard, this'll one day, perhaps, maybe be my greatest moment in hs) http://www.heartharena.com/tierlist &gt; Card Values

Youtube: iDraft Trump &gt; Practise I get that. Still, visiting the country will replace that. Your own memories will trump the movie trope. Also teach the wife a better way to express her frustrations than bringing up old issues as a trump card. Idk, I just feel most girls are like my height and trump me with heels which apparently they don't like. Have you had this problem much?

  When it comes to mellee weapons, nothing could trump the longswords of the demo. 

On secondary comes the stickybomb launcher.

And in primary, the rocket launcher. I'm pretty sure that's where your feelings don't get to trump mine. You don't get to misgender someone because trans people make you uncomfortable. But according to Ato, half the CCG already hates their current trump card, Arima. There was a fanfic with Taylor having a trump ability to counter anyone else she was near.  It was fairly silly.  Can't remember the name though. So your anecdotal evidence must trump demographics, okay. I'll take your word over statistics. /s Democracy is the political version of a lynch mob and does not represent what the Internet is.

The Founders made this a republic so that the rules of men could not trump the rule of law

 &gt; And how exactly do you use a cake illegally?

You eat it at a gay wedding, silly PraiseBe. 
The bible says gay marriage is illegal and no man made law can trump that. It's simple. Or, maybe I'm simple. I can never tell which... Look up Trump Teachings on Youtube. It's really good for learning the basics of the game. Helped me out a ton when I first started playing. And others rights to life trump your right to not have a camera you don't like in your home Watch streams and youtube vids. Trump has a series of videos designed to explain the fundamentals of the game - trumps teachings I think it's called. You have to believe that info will be coming out soon. They may be holding it to use as a trump card if the league decides to come down hard.  Exactly. It's not word of god because feats trump word. Its okay, since its Ocelote, Reddit's dislike of him will trump its dislike of you. Ike is only really popular here in America. In Japanese polls, characters like Marth and Roy absolutely trump him. I'm guessing there's a picture of Donald Trump in his attic. 

Spend the money on hair gel. Quick.  This. The trump teachings series on youtube is a great gateway into this game

Edit: now I know how to make raised text lol Ledge trump to bair is a pretty solid option from what I've seen &gt; That doesn't entail actual SJWs aren't a problem in spheres where honesty and truth should trump feelings.

"I'm not a racist, I'm a realist"
 Absolute pure speculation, but I wonder if it can be chalked up to Triple H again. That would trump what he did in getting Sammartino and Warrior back on good terms. I was gonna mention any one of several gardening tools, but yes, nukes or the switches that trigger them might just trump lawnmowers. What dosn't it allow? it's a clean bill to trump up whatever they want.  Pragmatism must trump ideology - what is best for the individual is quite often *NOT* the best thing for society at large.  Either yes or no, unless someone recording in the back seat there's nothing you can do if they beat your ass or trump up a charge to take you in. Man. I think you would be incredibly surprised. London has several vintage Rolex stores and the average prices trump those of any new stores. My Omega doubled in price since I bought it ten years ago. I wore it everyday too.  I suppose upvotes do trump accuracy on reddit.  It's like we've become the mainstream media, reporting only what gets ratings! "But what about the half dozen government entities that trump the NSA when it comes to authority to conduct public surveillance?" - said no redditer, ever. So what? It makes my argument even stronger. They are too rare for yolo crafting shit. But as a guy with stash tabs full of exalts you don't understand this.

You're like Donald Trump trying to tell the average man about food prices. Shave it all off? Mohawk? Just don't do the Donald Trump combover. This combined with him succombing to fatigue perfectly answers the question "how do you make super speed not a trump power that wins out over all others?" which is and always has been a major sticking point for me with all speedster superheroes. Nah. 
They haven't busted out their trump card yet. 

At 30mil stretch goal make game pay to play one time $125.00 fee.

Thheeeennn shut it down and buy an island XD That view from Trump Tower? with the new ledge trump mechanics, i wonder how deadly trump-&gt;back air is gonna be if it remains a fast meteor. Word, it was the lack of trees that really threw me along with what looked like sparsely covered mounds of dirt all over the place. When i saw trump on the gate I was flabbergasted he'd put his name on something so seemingly unsightly. It helps to know you are disagreeing with Donald Trump and Bill O'Reilly because you agreed with Megyn Kelly. Very useful and helpful reply. Just wondering: would it be proper to call an African-American cop "racist" for his/her treatment of and attitude towards other African Americans, or not? Does institutional power trump racial identity?  i did! and i feel liberated lol. seriously for anyone who is balding, especially young people, just shave it all off, a bald head is a million times better than a mini version of the donald trump combover.  spotted donald trump sat behind jake gylenhall sat behind Puff. right hand side at the ring - bout 10 rows back You are agreeing with Fox News' anchors/contributors Bill O'Reilly and Donald Trump who disagreed with Megyn Kelly.

Speech does need to be protected, no matter how offensive or bigoted you think it is. your anecdotal evidence really doesn't trump science.

sugar does not cause you to get momentarily hyper. Zyzz didn't drink alcohol. Paris Hilton doesn't drink alchol. Donald Trump only sells alcohol. This questions should be, why does op relate social-ness to alcohol.

Go out, get bitches, and be a fkin sik kunt like Zyzz brah! Thats if Easyhoon does terrible otherwise Faker will be SKT's trump card Also, a simple Google search of Donald trump and jimmy fund will reveal a SIGNIFICANT amount of involvement with the charity, donations, appearances and endorsements. So maybe you should revisit your poll numbers.  Turkey sounds trump group support. I remember him saying Vince told him to spit towards Trump when he was sitting in the front row. Donald Trump almost hit me with his car on my birthday. That's a trump trait. Its like Donald Trump took a shit in his dining room. [Donald Trump Sr.](http://i.imgur.com/TkOVmij.jpg)  The best thus far: ABV

And it's too early to call but we all hope (including the naysayers) that Modi will trump him. I find it telling that the Crown even ran on supposedly worsening relations with the U.S. When did bad PR trump human rights and justice? If we kept Khadr in prison over US relations, what would that tell us about our justice system? I'm not sure why Iron Man still ranks so high up there.  I would say Avengers,  TWS, and GotG easily trump it.  In other words, something you would expect a Trump to have? A conditionmancer can trump a mesmer easily. Not after the leak... 


But before then,  I put is as a gem,  like porn sites and gambling. 


Network uptime and security trump all IF what you say is true and you are not trump masquerading as a redditor, then I have to agree with you! But still, fuck Donald Trump and his shitty son anyway The size:power ratio looks impressive as fuck. If it really is that small, it'll easily trump nVidia's mini 960 and 970, and it'll be a nice overclocker with the HBM since it uses less power and runs on lower clocks by default. It doesn't matter how badly he kicks your ass at the game. You have the ultimate trump card, you banged his mom and it's undeniably true.

Pretty sure I should not have children until I'm above this sort of thing. Possibly never. Yes, but Isaac and Miria trump all other considerations. Subs are the only way for me. Sansa could become Ramsay’s trump card—Roose’s other potential children won’t be married to Starks, so Sansa is a source of legitimacy for Ramsay that doesn’t depend on his father. So that's where trump gets his hair pieces from! But he's Donald Trump Jr.  Original sentiment stands, Fuck this guy! lol &gt;Africans traditionally cut off the tail and make bracelets from the tail hair as a sign of respect for the fallen animal

I'm sure that is exactly what Trump is going to do with it... Its OK the name &amp; brand Trump implies inherent douchyness can still use said pitchfork. This.  And the fact that death by a well-placed bullet is **much** more humane than the way Mother Nature generally kills off animals.  Trump did nothing wrong, or immoral, or illegal.  He may be a dick but not for this.   Donald Trump isn't even a real person Because the Trump family couldn't pay for someone to write an article in Forbes to take the heat off of them. Just saying.  "What a lovely room of Trump you have" Keep it sharp, Trump Jr. Is still a douchey tool and was even before this picture was taken.  Gotcha, I just wanted to be sure that people don't mistake guided trophy hunts like this for all hunts. I'm guessing Trump Jr's hunt was about as hard as driving down to the arcade and playing a game. That is *not* representative of 99% of hunting.  Actually created a guy like that, called him the Epicurean.  

Shaker Trump Villain, with the ability to control entropy in 2 meter spheres. That's great and all, but you missed one very important fact. None of what you said changes the fact that Donald Trump Jr is the kind of guy who wants to shoot elephants. The "new" AMA plaza and Trump Tower on Wabash along the Chicago River. . . not a bad shot in this scale.  :) Surprise surprise, an editoral in a conservative rag jumping to the defense of "one of America's leading families"

I wonder how much the Trump PR department paid the douche author and Forbes to run this editorial. how much is a tag to hunt a balding trump descendant? i've debated donald trump jr on twitter. he's a total cunt not deserving of this contrarian rant you've provided here. bullshit.  Ok, but if it is Donald Trump Jr., he is still a dick. I hate Trump haters. DansGame SwiftRage
 What's up with your hair, it lost its fluff after Trump shaved your head The premier 1 drop for Hatebears is Noble Hierarch, Dryad Militant hasn't really been playable post-TC. Scavenging Ooze is enough of a Snapcaster trump and Delve hate isn't particularly relevant anymore. So? No really, so? Hes seriously doing absolutely nothing wrong. This is like bitching about donald trump buying a coke.  But Donald trump doesn't even donate money unless if it is his charity brah He saw that tuft of fur at the end and knew that he had to have it to glue to the top of his own head. Trump family tradition. I can see a slight burst in hobgoblin over the next few days. Trump played with a hobgoblin warlock deck today on stream. Also Savjz has success with his hobgoblin Eboladin paladin deck. Fran Dreschier and Donald Trump discussing Kim Kardadhian's latest selfie   How Can Any Of Us Be Donald Trump If Donald Trump Isn't Real? It seems to me he'd be just as happy sitting in that bush all camoed up with a camera instead of a rifle, the way he describes it.

I'm going to go ahead and say this wasn't the experience Doofus Trump was after. Inherited the Trump hair. Not sure whether to agree with OP's sentiment or downvote to give an extra "fuck you" to Donald Trump Jr. He is. But he's an elephant. He has an elephant trunk through which he trumpets. That's why he was named Trump in the first place.   Impressive. Very nice. ...Let's see Donald Trump Jr's business card.   Anyone have it?    Jesus Christ, just have fun with it, its unusual for a popular steamer as cool as Trump to do something like this.  When the author praised Trump Jr.'s good looks is when he lost all credibility for me. This definitely came off as an intentionally crafted puff piece.  Keep it up. Donald Trump Jr. Is still a giant douchebag. It's just that the people of that area found a way to make that douchebaggery work for them.  He was showing traditional African respect of course! The Trump family holds deep and rich African traditions dear. Yeah, fuck Donald Trump Jr.!

Also, what's all this abt elephants? So how much does Trump pay you? Perhaps not that unique. At one point of time, Trump ran Alex over Jax in Handlock, as he found Harrison to be an inconvenience.  So how much does Trump pay you? So how much does Trump pay you? So how much does Trump pay you? The trump family holds all rich people traditions dear. Right for sure arms and back completely trump the left (especially forearms) Donald Trump vs Rosie O'Donnell  Man is there anything Trump cannot do? you'll be mauled by them if it's a proper nerd bar since software/video games trump film when it comes to nerdiness Your right about him being a douche but you asked for a non-hunter source on the elephant problem in South Africa. Hunting does a lot of good for conservation. Trump is a douche in spite of the fact he is a hunter, not because of it. What is the context?
Uploader states that he didn't include the preceding speech of Trump in celebration of 500k followers and would remove video once trump posts it.

Is it a rip of his livestream? Inofficial VoD? I agree lol, the down votes are all trump fanboys.. I like trump but this content is not hearthstone related. I like trump too.  Wait, is this guy actual Donald Trump Jr.? I assumed you were just being clever because he looks like a human taint and behaves like one too. Kanye West and Donald Trump alternating giving eachother lifetime achievement awards Just when you thought Prison Trump was the greatest, announcing Phantom Trump! Wow. Trump is extremely talented. [M] Good on the one hand because my funds can't be hacked, but now I wonder if China will remember to use that trump card I gave them or let it slide... Do you by any chance have a video of trump singing "We'll meet again"? or even just after the piano piece, I love his version Mamelukes, yes, but those civs come with their own drawbacks. Do Longbowmen trump Mamelukes? Guessing they have the range to do so, but siege units will decimate them I guess. Well, I would say that it is Hearthstone related. The context is a major pillar of the community reached 500'000 followers. Trump is a major member of the Hearthstone community, and this is his way of celebrating with the community. I swear, Trump is so hilarious xD

edit: he at times like this just surprises me with his humor, that's not always as apparent. That bow in the beginning... Love ya, Trump! :D There is even tiger mom meme, o god.

Welp now we can enjoy this piece from him, thanks Trump mom. The British sense of 'fairness' should trump politics I think.

Unfortunately, the British sense of 'nah-nah, fuck off I won' will probably trump them both. Not only that, in the case of testing the study materials trump real life. You can certainly challenge the question during the test, but it will more than likely stand until the study materials are updated. Agreed, face is the trump card. I've been FWBs with women who had some pretty damning qualities otherwise but I'm a sucker for a pretty face. It's going to be amazing. I don't know how 2020 could possibly top it bar Donald Trump finally running for real. Ledge Trump fucking sucks for Ganondorf, as it gives him a terrible disadvantage against killing opponents with godly recoveries when his is pretty bad.

So no sarcasm here, and he probably plays someone else in Smash4Children, even if I'm wrong

 Not one bit of that makes  Trump Jr any less of an asshat for wanting to hunt one. skilled enough?

Playing a racial caricature is  his trump card and it's what made him famous. Of course ABC will tell him to most likely want him to play that as well.  Not all of the rich.  I love the rich that use their money to do good like Bill Gates or M.E. Kaufman.  It is greedy jerks like Donald Trump that I don't like. Jack Sparrows trump card. She manages to drop a power play every goddamn episode. Seriously; stop whipping out the Avery trump card when you disagree with your boyfriend. God.  Would it, though? If Ramsay has been legitimized, isn't he just legitimate, not some form of "conditionally" legitimate? He would still be the eldest son, so wouldn't he trump any newcomers? Just fuck anybody who wants Donald Trump to run for president I know. It's basically like the Donald Trump of foxes. You know there are foxes out there who can't hold a job down and forget to pick their kids up from school. I'm not sure if that's a quote from something, but it's definitely inaccurate. It sounds like something Donald Trump has tattooed on his ass  The old tautological trump card. If your position seems to defy conventional understandings, just assert additional baggage to words and concepts that define you into correctness. Somebody else read the top comment on the donald trump jr post in punchablefaces Yea, I'm drooling myself. I want an Argentine pretty bad, but this might just trump it. Depends on whats available when I can adopt i suppose. 
 Yeah, but the point is element atk up skills trump atk up skills for db, because they throw out way more hits. A raw damage increase is fine but fast weapons work more off of element.  Donald Trump died? I think Trump Jr. would have been every bit as successful had he been born into more modest means.  Really sharp guy! Didn't you know? Hurt feelings trump medical training.  Uber religous zealots of all types are the problem. ISIS and Al Quada of the middle East is like the Tea Party and Sovereign citizens to the USA. they are both intolerant, mildly racist and want their version of a religion to trump all other laws. 
 A pine floor gets character.  A maple floor gets carved.  I know the benefits of hardwood vs softwood but I don't think they trump every consideration is all Good catch, but yes, that would trump a VHS copy by far. I've edited my comment to reflect my original intention. The one where he takes the f2p mage deck to legend, not Trump Teachings. Have your sister check her divorce papers.  Generally Mother's Day is awarded to the Mother.  I would assume that there would be some sort of stipulation that holidays trump his choice. "you know man, I like Donald Trump jr, I just don't agree with trophy hunting.  It's tough." Donald Trump on David Letterman complaining about Chinese competition. Then when he tries to sell his Trump shirts and ties Letterman lets everyone know the ties are made in China. It was beautiful. The real problem is the UFC has a trump card. Fighters know their career is most-likely to last about 10 years max. For that reason, UFC knows none of them want to sacrifice 3,4,5 years bringing a union in so the next fighters will benefit. since flash is tapping into the mystical "speed force" to steal speed, it might be enough to trump jugs. I would disagree. A pocketknife would do more damage. He held it out to try to trump the SMU jokers, but it was the wrong move anyway. Before or after Strifecro went on the longest recorded winstreak or Trump got rank 1 legend with the same paladin deck? Makes sense. Nostalgia will always trump experience with my generation.

Playing the old games and watching the old series are never as fun as talking about it. Hypothetically, a light-spear is probably the best weapon, if the body of the spear itself is proofed against strikes: Historically, spears trump swords in almost all aspects of combat. Donald Trump has expressed support for AWBs in the past IIRC.  dae value = literally trump cumming Look up trump basic legend series. Different medical opinions. He was cleared by one of the top people for that type of injury, so i'd imagine that has to trump the previous one. I doubt it would work if you went to an unknown doctor. Any time someone smacks down Donald Trump it is the best thing ever. Donald Trump III Yeah, theres nothing special about Trump over than the views. It's a pretty blah course.  Does a red card penalty trump a yellow? Homosexual male here:

&gt; fuck Donald Trump Jr.

God no. Been playing since beta and Trump Teachings were still awesome!
Welcome to hs! Agreed. If you're going to win in arena playing a 3/2 and a 3/3 for 7 mana you were probably going to win no matter what you played that turn. The trump review especially focused on arena, I have no idea why they included it.  Donald Trump is so conceited, he fantasizes that he is masturbating while he has sex. 
 Thanks for that. It's too bad personal views trump pubic sentiment. That's how Trump is a billionaire, and that was before the housing collapse. Something like 75% of billionaires made their money in the stock market. We are happy to help Trump :) Ah, a video that knows exactly what it is, a compilation of one move. I am always looking for new ways to set this up on opponents from the offensive side. So far the best option is usually a ledge trump setup into Ganoncide. Im not sure you guys; that girl Trump is a babe. STFU TRUMP I'M TRYING TO WATCH THE GAME.   Donald Trump doesn't think he's fooling anyone with that hair, right?  Shouldn't Donald Trump be claiming Obama is from Kenya or something? Poor John, I imagine Trump is one of those annoying assholes who never shuts up and lets you watch. The guy next to trump looks like some sort of minor comic book villain.  I wish trump really cared about the game ####[Donald Trump and Michael J. Fox in the house](https://streamable.com/ag1l) No, thats a little expensive for a little tug and rub. Unless its Ivanka Trump and then she falls in love with me after my happy ending I've watched Lightning Habs and Ducks Flames and MSG has been louder than Anaheim, Calgary, and TB. 

Even with Donald Trump wasting a seat that a real fan could've sat in. K. How does that trump my point? THE RULES OF CAPS LOCK IN OT TRUMP \#NOCAPS It's pretty good, but this Trump arena game is probably the craziest one I've ever seen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sw27cJOl5ds

It's definitely worth a watch if you haven't seen it before. Pretty damn accurate. The people defending trump and kripps cons are disgusting though.  Frankly i am appalled at the idea of Kappa being hard. If you have all the vouchers redeemed, both puppets and donald trump defeated, he should be fairly easy. Golden button isn't uh...necessarily after kappa. For reference on who donald trump is check 
http://gamejolt.com/games/negligible-nights-at-f-boy-s/news/incoming-bugfix-update/59637/
 He is the [top trump card](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top_Trumps) that every child wants in their hand. Non-mobile: [top trump card](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Top_Trumps)

^That's ^why ^I'm ^here, ^I ^don't ^judge ^you. ^PM ^/u/xl0 ^if ^I'm ^causing ^any ^trouble. [^WUT?](https://github.com/xl0/LittleHelperRobot/wiki/What's-this-all-about%3F) Yep. But we're talking about a buzzer-beating bank shot-heave here, bud. That's a trump card right there.  Their policies and procedures do not trump the 4A or state laws. Alright will do, I already watch Trump a few times a week. Also would you be against watching a few games of mine and seeing how I do and you could critique it maybe? Also thanks for the tips. ah stats, the final trump card for those desperate to win an argument &gt; dark bomb

Actually, Trump was [rather excited](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9MsEiax4Yo#t=9m30s) over Dark Bomb.  He said it was "the most exciting boring card he's ever seen". Hulk is really a trump card, especially when he can clearly think. It doesn't trump his accomplishments.    Everyone is human.    Do you think property rights trump human rights? In the case that I buy a plot of land up stream and dump waste on to my land contaminating the local reservoir, do my property rights that allow me to do what I want with *my* land trump your human right to access clean water? I have the ultimate mom trump card... Crohn's Disease.  I have gotten out of and left early from so many stupid family things just by saying I have a stomach ache.   Few things trump the shame of being covered in your own semen.. Esdese's trump card SHE kept telling HIM what GUYS want? 

Doesnt being a guy sort of give him first hand inside information of what guys want? Wouldn't his 'being a guy' trump whatever she read in someone's Tumblr? If the state says it is legal, then it is legal. You guys are out of your mind if you think the assertion of the cops is going to trump the state's determination. I didn't think I would ever say this, but I agree with Donald Trump on this specific point. That couldn't be true. There are federal labor laws regarding breaks and lunches which trump any state law. TL;DR My anecdotes trump yours because reasons. I imagine the bishop saying "so those were your hidden trump cards" and Fengzhi answering: "But wait, there's more".

The other tumps are Rongrong, Fatty, Tang Sans Eyes, his second spirit and his bone. Did I forget something?  &gt; "So that's their secret trump card!"

&gt; "Nope, Chuck Testa." It's certainly hard to consider this card in vacuum where you don't yet know that emperor exists. Is this enough by itself to make math warrior competitive?  Its a tough question. 

Also Trump calling this a low quality arena card was right on the money. See Trump on Youtube for consistent arena and constructed videos.  Being a broke billionaire and a broke gas station attendant is an extremely different thing. Hell Donald Trump had been broke numerous times.

 Also, I don't see how the [](/s "Seraph is a trump card. The fucker only wants to kill humans, for goodness' sakes"). Naw trump jr. had just gotten back from a safari strip club and the girl grinding on him was having her special time of the month. Shit was so cash. Isn't the law in question a Pennsylvanian law? If contested, the first amendment would trump this any day. [Donal Trump Jr. would like a word with you](http://i.imgur.com/kiJhBQt.jpg) Never bring facts to a reddit circlejerk involving political ideologies. Their political sentiments will trump facts.  &gt; one is a feat of skill

Ya... Donald Trump Jr. is an accomplished african game hunter. He didn't have a guide doing literally everything other than pulling the trigger... Why would becky's comments ever trump a well documented event in this case? Also, even if they had a wonderful relationship at some point, it has no bearing on if they suffered a bad break up and the effects of that breakup on Adnan.  Then you agree with the review:

&gt; For most build quality will trump practicality You should have gone to the class. "Unofficial" skip day does not trump a final exam. 

And if there were a grammar class that day, you should've gone to that, too.  Call me old fashioned but i think the vows of marriage trump a little misplaced poop lol even without checking whether or not trump matched up against neat playing a rogue at around 11 wins, I think it is not trump because trump doesn't use greetings Omg trump hurry up! This is so stressful! Alliance
Favorite: Worgen and Dwarves

Least: None, i appreciate them all

Horde
Favorite: Orc, Tauren

Least: Forsaken

But my favorite race is Pandaren, and they trump all! This I think is the most ignorant thing I have ever read. Your "personal experience" does NOT trump science. Using that logic their is such thing as religion. You Have heard of the placebo effect  i say that flying is the trump card. take away his literal light fast speed, spupes grabs any part of hulk and flies him into the sun. this may not kill hulk immediately but hulk is killed eventually Couldn't agree more with you. I feel like a problem with trying is to expose it to more people is that you trump it up a lot and then they start watching it and it looks like a B movie and that effects viewer's perspective.  Asking your wife will trump all the advice in this thread. I don't think trump plays casual mode, so probably just somebody with the same name. Don't think it's him. Trump usually uses the rainbow card back. &gt; Being good at your job does not trump being a good person

i believe corporate america would disagree with you on this Kripp, Trump and Ratsmah more like. Formerly Kripp, Trump and MaSSan, but MaSSan sold out and went almost purely constructed. Cool to see Chakki, Kibler and Trump all advance. Those three might not have had the same tournament success as the others, but the perception of them all being good deck builders was certainly reinforced.
 The rights of the woman trump the rights of the unborn. That said, my opinion is that if a pregnancy is to be terminated, it ought to be done sooner rather than later and 3 days is an unnecessary amount of time to be forced to wait. When you editorialize your headlines like this we all lose. We don't need to trump the facts up for them to be on our side. Mainly because Trump doesn't take the Presidency seriously.  He's full of boast and bravado.  But it only lasts for a minute, and he's back to "rabble rabble." You can't  take Donald Trump  seriously period. I almost would wager that Ross Perot has/had more sense than him
  I agree with you. There's many things I want to change but I realize that my opinion doesn't trump everyone else's. No matter what there are always going to be people unhappy. I'm very appreciative of what I have because of this country It's also literally his job to trump up and sell this fascination. You should go on your own ... Experiences trump games  Glad to see this occurred to others first. Looks like it's still a mystery, though. But of course game balance must needs trump lore. I think Trump Teachings are a great recommendation for the new player to learn. 
 That's the Supremacy Clause. It only means Federal Law and treaties trump state law. Your interpretation would mean no federal law could ever be declared unconstitutional.

Source: IAAL and got an A in Con law Music majors are the only group that trump art majors. You're right. Re-reading it, it only says treaties are binding and trump State laws.

But with no Constitutional law saying America is Christian, we are legally not based in any way on the Christian faith.  I was waiting for a programmer/developer I was interviewing today at Nosedive and his on the ground crew were there at the bar ordering drinks with trump buttons. Probably "prepping" themselves to deal with him. Thanks for posting. 

TIL Comcast, the most universally hated company on Reddit,  ranks high in something good! Trump Corporation ranks, not surprisingly, pretty low. touch, smell and taste.  Listening to music and looking at titties trump everything  Must be a compliance thing, the Trump Tower has cool ones too that haven't been activated since it was completed. I'm pretty sure Trump was born for this! :D

Been watching his stream for a while now and as a fan its kind of sad how few tournaments he attends. Good to see him have some success. The desire to learn about CS will trump anything you bring to the table.

Our first day of intro to programming class was "this is a computer. mouse. keyboard. power button. any questions before we move on?"

dead serious The hulk is essentially unpredictable. His extreme power can turn a confrontation either way, but it's impossible to say if his actions will always be desirable. He is the wildcard, the trump card and gravest danger  Eh, I'm gonna say that gameplay should trump the financial aspirations of hobbyist-speculators every time (and professional speculators even more so), but I don't have a horse in this race Sorry the platform with 4x strategy and space sims trump both consoles and mobile. 

I would hate console and mobile taking over,  because they're far more anti-consumer.  This is completely correct. Your comfort and safety trump anyone else's feelings 100% of the time. It seems obvious, but it's something I and a lot of close friends had to learn the hard way.  Well I would think safety would trump all that. Ah well. All hail the almighty dollar.  She's canonically asexual because of how her power works, though, not because it's her underlying sexual identity. I think the right Trump classification would give her a shot. Like Hatchet Face.

Except, you know. Not Hatchet Face. I met Donald trump despite his politics he's actually pretty cool  I wish he then would have "reminded" Trump regularly on-air about how "for it" he said he was and keep mentioning it until trump actually opened an American factory. Kinda like his ongoing jokes about Oprah. To trump = to fart  I honestly can't believe there are REAL PEOPLE out there that actually watch Trump stream. I like him as an educator of the game, he's a great ambassador, cool dude over all... But his entire stream is resident sleeper x10.  Sorry, but your hate of it doesn't trump mine or anyone else's rights or desire to it. And it has many medical benefits as well. Donald Trump says this is proof global warming doesn't exist.  One reason is that Israel is not an Arab nation. Another reason is that OP is also a citizen of Israel. American citizenship does not trump any other ones. And somehow Donald Trump can't afford that. Maybe one of the Trump reacts to Things like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qR3QSriH3pU I agree. It's not clear at all to me how to make a convincing argument. I think the rights of the mother trump any argument from outside her body though. http://heartharena.com/ also watching people who are good at arena like Kripp, Trump  and Ratsmah. Good luck in future runs :D Anthony Jesolnik said it at the Donald Trump Roast if I remember correctly.  I did beat Neo and Springtrap.

The head but didnt appear

Bouncy Donald Trump didnt appear too For trump the bad wig is part of his "brand".  He probably pays outrageous amounts of money to have Asian silk weavers make his raggedy mop top. Oulu: 60% mitigation + heal on BB, 60% mitigation + 150% def + heal on SBB

Calling dips on this. Watch the 1st ever mitigator in BF to trump the rest of the mitigators. Nobody beats a goddamn ice tower Unless you are a cactus, a "medical condition" will not trump the first law of thermodynamics. BigIronRanger is the new trump card! I know....and also know that the numbers for each will trump my prejudices on draft day!  Giant robots trump emotional hooks. The Final of The World Championship and Trump vs Bingham in the semifinales. (Just my opinion of course) Trump vs O'Sullivan in the UK final was epic. Really thought Trump was going to make it and he played some magical snooker. But what if this American Jew has a dual citizenship and is also an Israeli Jew? Does his American passport trump the Israeli one? OP is clearly an immigrant and is currently living in Israel. Why is this a problem? Confirmed. Even running off of satellite internet with 1-1.5k ms as my average latency, fear was a trump card (especially in vanilla--Christ..) What is this bullshit we keep hearing about policy? Since when does policy trump law?!  Donald trump would say this refutes Global Warming.  Im pretty sure the Fail Mary will trump any of your homer picks Then how about channeling that aggression into sponsoring one of their dogs?  You can use it as a holier than thou trump card to drop at random into a conversation. Nothing can trump the resilience of the human race.  I don't think the anecdotal ramblings of a beat author can trump a properly-conducted study performed by people whose job it is to do such studies. "Has Trump just won the game?" - Kripp 2015 1. You can get 40-60 gold per quest AND the 10 gold per 3 wins, and you generally achieve both faster with aggro decks.

2. Trump did it before Naxxramas and BRM. I dare him to do it again, completely F2P. I'm not trolling. [Here](https://challonge.com/challengestone) are the brackets and it spoils the outcome of the Kipler vs. Trump match. Check at your own risk.

Edit: Nevermind, I'm fucking dumb. Aww yea, Trump is making a comeback!

Value trumps magic!^^^plz

edit: Holy fuck, Trump is the fucking juggle master. First with Lifecoach, now with Kibler.

edit^2: Damn, so close. Grats to Kibler! I just saw the 4-3 and was really confused. Especially because Trump started making a comeback after being 3 games behind. Seemed like a weird coincidence to me. :D Good effort by both players. And kudos to Trump from coming back from the brink. Crazy ending.  That juggle by Trump in game 6 (I think) was insane.  

Grats to Kibler.  That's the 30 for 30 on the USFL, Trump essentially tanked the league trying to sue his way into owning an NFL team, it was a good watch. yeah, it really felt like he started to tilt after he went 3-0. thankfully pally carried tonight. nothing personal as far as trump is concerned, but it would've felt kinda shitty if zoo turned out to be the sweeper deck even in this format. Wrong picture. That's clearly Prison Trump - totally different guy. Was rooting for Trump the whole time. When Kibler was up 3-0, I'd lost hope but Trump brought it back with his Zoo. Those were some awesome games.

Grats to Kibler and Trump.

Special mention goes to Savjz with the sleepy throw. Though i don´t see Trump as a bad player it´s kind of shitty that his "Trump" card is always a deck like Zoo.....
I have been really moved by the Paladin deck that Brian Kibler achieved to make and at the very least, he also won a new follower :D *evil trump laugh* The 3-0 comeback by Trump would have been awesome. Kibler pally too strong tho "I told my kids Santa wasn't real when Donald Trump took over" She needs to learn the basic truths.
That's why she's on Reddit. Cake will never trump a hot chick for a man. this. Trump is pure cancer now The 760 is slightly better, though a used 280 or 280x would trump both. So women and men are exactly the same in strength? Political correctness and equality movements cannot trump biology

Proof: http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2015/04/08/last-ioc-marine-experiment-women/25478813/ I assume that the way Bingham won the world championship beating 3 former world champions and Judd trump helped the decision, he really made it the hard way. Surely only Trump could pull off such a skillfull play. Do you have a point? Or are you just sticking to arbitrary disbelief with no actual followup?

It's polite to trump the provided source with something credible, rather than assume your word will be sufficient. Trump was lucky as fuck in general did you see that series against Kibler? Trump had every. single. rng throw in his favour for 4 games in a row, kibler barely won the last game. I feel like if Trump gets in, Stewart will be like, "this is too good to pass up, can I stay on like 9 more months?". you don't get to tell her that your experience trumps hers. Your experience is yours and hers is hers. There's no trump card. According to my little cousin, I'm 500 years old, so I trump all of you guys and gals. Hm. You know, Trump did mentioned a few times he'd do better in an arena or arena-like tournament format. Guess he wasn't just making excuses, eh? yeah trump was crazy lucky in general this tourny Donald Trump in 5th for the Rs.  Lololololol 


 What a skilled everything! Trump is an amazingly well-rounded player. I'd say so. When it comes to solo q, skill tends to trump since you team doesn't have the communication to nail a team comp. It's because people don't actually want an escape button, they want to win their internet fight and by accusing the other party of being hateful they think that they have found a trump card. How about the Donald Trump of Asia? Great news and classy way to trump Bear Grylls. Donald Trump is maybe the worst example possible.  He was born into money and had declared bankruptcy multiple times screwing others out of their money. This to me is like Donald Trump telling us he upgraded his gear knob and showing us pictures of the interior of his Bugatti Veyron in a 20 car garage with his other amazing cars. 

...In other words, I'm extremely jealous. Yeah, no.

Kinguin was filled with top tier players outside of amaz, reynad and trump who focus primarly on streaming. 

If Orange, Gaara, Xixo,... qualified instead of the 4 you mentioned you could make the same statement. Because catsuits trump decent storytelling? Einstein may be right.

However I have to ask - why should I care what he had to say about economics and politics? The man was a physicist. Dropping his name in this context is like... quoting Donald Trump in a discussion on planetary accretion discs. You raise an good point, but at the same time Einstein is not making a controversial point here. 

It would be like quoting Donald trump on the orbit of the Earth, a much more accessible and less controversial topic than planetary accretion discs. Farmers gotta make a living right? And I bet those chickens were living in fucking luxury, straight up Donald Trump Chickens Carefully planned out tweet designed to say something outlandish to get media attention. 

Same thing that Trump did.  Man, Kibler's Paladin was SUPER SCARY. Though huge props to Trump and his awesome Warlock deck that carried him through 8 of his wins in the tournament! Donald Trump on fire Thanos: the Donald Trump of the universe. Glove based controllers with haptic feedback would trump the vive. One of the companies they absorbed makes hand recognition hardware.  I don't think this is any different than the draw mohammed deal down in TX. 


The Heckler's Veto does not trump my right to film or defend myself from death or great bodily harm.   [I prefer to think my forearms trump that card.](http://i.imgur.com/sFbsY09.png)

Biceps are only there to prevent injury for real lifts... That's why Netflix and other services online trump a TV license. No adverts, lower cost, it isn't "live", so no license fee.  Get real. 

How would chest mounted star-photos trump the heavy telescopes on earth? 

 "Dude you're scaring people" doesn't trump constitutional rights no matter HOW dick it is, and that's how it should be. This is a strange equation Christians create with free will. They trump up free will so much and degrade just automatic move to heaven so much we end up with this equation:

Free will + the possibility of eternity in hell &gt; eternity in heaven No problem! Trump (a well known hearthstone streamer) has been playing hobgoblin zoo this season, and it's worked out really well for him - [Have a look!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w2Ht2IhYcJU) so the fact that trump is highlighted didn't help? &gt; Rudeness can't trump your constitutional right

We (USA) have plenty of laws that deal with rudeness. That's the problem, looks to me China's problem is about enforcing laws, for example, traffic laws.  Black power seems to generate overt change, while white power is a more subtle undercurrent that tends to trump the others despite our rewiring efforts.

We're currently attempting to upgrade to rainbow sockets but we've been getting a lot of push back. Prison Trump wasn't in this tournament. When I go back and re-read the sentence you were replying to, your wording makes a bit more sense. Still, I think that her policies should trump her history when it comes to the choice of whether to support her or not. yes and that was supposed to be their secret trump card, they didn't want to show tactics


infortunatly serie went to game 5 so they will take no risk and use their trump card It seems Trump has found his way to the UK... Coupons.      And, my fat-assed maid is only taking the Tesla to do my grocery shopping from now on.   I don't care if the chauffeur doesn't like it.   He can drive Donald Trump around if he doesn't like it.   Exactly, it really just breeds bad habits and overconfidence since the early tiers can pretty easily trump everyone, especially due to the low-altitude metagame. Another use of gun defensively that gun owners will trump up in their statistics to make gun ownership seem necessary! I played against trump in arena the other day. I decided to be honorable and not snipe him. Sadly I lost and then when I went to go check his stream he wasn't streaming. Must have been someone else who decided to pretend to be him. the donald trump formula:

1.) shit talk current president
2.) declare you are going to run
3.) tough-talk about china
4.) drop out for the new season of celebrity apprentice Holy shit why did trump have about 75k viewers at one point? If they're not married, I believe so. It might vary state to state. 

Either way safe haven laws trump anything where they exist. A mother can decide she wants out and drop a baby off after birth if she wants to.  Isn't the whole point of this discussion that convenience doesn't trump your environmental responsibility.  Also, the water used in washing doesn't compare to the plastic waste from the bottles from an environmental perspective. Camwhores trump sorority girls and strippers with all of that nonsense...They'll all say how they have "social anxiety " though. The party on the deed doesn't trump the bank's interest. The bank gets paid first. Always. That sounds somewhat plausible, but surely the paying students would trump the general public once the room reaches capacity... Me too.  I knew I was getting fat, but only half heartedly did anything about it.  My desire to lose weight didn't trump my desire to not bother.   In some ways I think it works to his advantage.  He doesn't stream as often as the other bigger guys so when he does I'm more inclined to watch him than say Trump etc.

 actually trump does explain some moves he does, but its more so in his other videos since he has alot more variety in terms of cards. basic cards arent so complex in what they do i think its more bcs of the time he streams. In Europe its like 11am or so and there is noone else good streaming. Later you have like Trump and Forsen who stream at the same time (sometimes still amaz), so there is more competition. I don't agree with that. Kos has freedom to roam because of Per's reading of attackers and excellent positioning. I do think that he's getting older and we need to have a succession plan in place, but experience can trump a lot of smaller deficiencies. Don't want to give away our trump card like that Aww, Trump lost? :( I watch trump for my positive streamer. I bask in the bitterness that is Kripp as I myself can be quite bitter haha. Give the weaker characters some stuff to do and focus on them a bit. Saiyans don't always need to be the trump card. O /u/Kanaxai esta certo, veja os videos do Trump eles foram feitos para novatos entenderem os principais conceitos competitivos, eu tenho jogado desde antes da primeira expanção e adoraria ajudar, nome é Dovahhatty#1688 I still don't get how trump is so popular. Is it? Do you think Donald Trump worries about his credit score? the message would have been completely lost if there was even just the slightest bit of cleavage.

Moral of the story:

boobs trump everything  Montreal is first and foremost a hockey town.  Stanley Cup playoffs will always trump soccer.  Sucks but that's the bricks. Good point. Do you think Donald Trump earned his wealth thru credit?

Or can you name other wealthy people who can look back and point to credit or credit cards as one of the stepping stones to acquiring their wealth? Thats not his doing. Trump only adds content to the video. You could say that you watch because Jens ( the editor ) "does" the YT videos. Why does Florida still let Zimmerman carry a firearm? Do his 2nd amendment rights trump his being a psycho? This will sounds pretty disrespectful out of context, but Trump is probably the person I've fallen asleep the most to. Ha ha, yeah exactly. :D I usually watch trump when I'm in bed and when he suddenly yells that wakes me up.  The host's rights trump his entirely for as long as the fetus is in the host.

After that, he should have absolutely equal rights to the donor of the other genetic material. Please don't downvote the OP on my behalf. I really appreciate it when someone understands that for some people "optimal choices" don't always trump "fun choices". Good on you, /u/chachaplease, you're part of why this is my favorite MOBA community. "Ah yes, quite handy. Basically an Olituke's Sphere in effect, although of course the mechanisms are... never mind. Do you wish to keep looking around for trump cards or just charge in wildly?" &gt; But you are the one assuming red is being used as a sign of inferiority.

No, I am basing it on history and usage and [he racist who came up with the name](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Preston_Marshall#Racism). Facts trump assumptions.

 Legend has it that after taking LSD with Timothy Leary, Marilyn Monroe introduced John F. Kennedy to the psychedelic. Anybody who took acid and slept with Marilyn Monroe knows how the fuck to party. Trump card all day long. I ended up taking Cassius out for a trump card. Those were my two biggest debating cards, but after looking at the decklist, I needed some way to recycle my energy. Play only level 20 to farm gold for arenas. Do that in all regions so you can play at least an arena a day. Keep doing that until you get to 6 wins average. Infinite cards!
Also watch trump in twich or youtube. Eu ouvia dizer desse Trump no chat do Twitch, mas não sabia que ele era de Hearthstone, sequer grande. Agorinha, tem 18k de viewers. Holy moly. shit I've seen some cases where donated organs and tissues are used in ways that trump anything most individuals will do with their lives. Organ donation might be your best shot at doing something truly great. Look everyone! Donald Trump showed up. I would love to watch trump and massan play splatoon, also they are a hearthstone team aswell for anyone's information.  Mega evolutions are meant to essentially be your trump card. It could do with more tweaking though Good to hear Trump chime in with his wisdom. "They has no definitive proof against Tom Brady or #patriots. If Hillary doesn't have to produce Emails, why should Tom? Very unfair!" The alleyway wasn't *that* cramped, so spears still trump kitchen utensils by far, especially if the Unsullied had kept a shieldwall up.  Strip naked and give Donald Trump a wet willy. There will be Challengestone 2 and Challengestone 3 and so on to demonstrate that. Trump and Kibler receive auto-invites into the next tournament. I feel like if Trump gets in, Stewart will just up and quit immediately. He seems really tired of covering the presidential political circus. That's awfully wishful thinking to hope that a school owning it's T3 rights will trump media markets. Once again, opinions will never trump facts, see yourself out &gt; A second offense, despite there being no connection between events, will severely trump up the penalty.

Both were breaking Integrity of the Game violations.  The organization broke rules that affected the outcome of games. Twice. &gt; opinions will never trump facts

That's right. The fact is the prosecutor does not need permission from the defendant or their friends to prosecute. He isn't Presidential pretty.  To be president you either have to have that older man smart look or the earnest younger man striving to make a change.  Trump just doesn't have the "face of our nation" that can stand up to our HD world. It's fairly standard that worker's comp. statutory schemes trump state law tort claims. Not much of a story. the only way Kanye could trump is musical achievements is if he could somehow record his unfiltered thoughts at every moment throughout a day. &gt;- A second offense, despite there being no connection between events, will severely trump up the penalty.

Being caught breaking the rules multiple times is certainly related, how could you say it's not? That view from Trump Tower? It has always been used to obstruct *as a last ditch effort*. A final trump card to play when a bill simply cannot be allowed to pass.  

this is very very different than blocking every single bill that comes to the Senate. That was Trump hoping that my other decks were bad after I 3-0'd him with Paladin and then he revived his Warlock and managed to beat it :P  Remember Khepri?

Being able to manipulate powers, or even give weak Trump powers to insects, does imply a lot about her capabilities. Hey, Nickelback is from Alberta, we take no credit for them. If you are going to include all of Canada then I'll have to play our trump card, the majestic Céline Dion. Here's one egregious bit of exploitation: The TPP give corporations the power to trump human rights and regulations. These decisions would be handled by a corporate tribunal.
Just google "TPP + impede profits"  Thin your supporter line too if you haven't already.

4 Juniper, 0-1 N, 2 Archie's, 1 Lysandre, 1 Trump Card.

Also, 2 Jirachi helps quite a bit. They were allowed to swap out up to 2 cards per deck before the series started, I think. On his website, Kibler said he knew Trump wasn't playing any classes that used weapons so he switched out his Harrison for something else. I think the version posted by u/ElizabethMoon1992 would trump this one if the audio was a little better Or unedited video of trump playing  Damn, nice spin by Trump on that one. Hm well amaz and trump does that too sometimes a bit more different game playing, so why not? The people whp stay like the change, people who like to see kripp just playing or dont have a problem with the other game And hopefully, like statistics, they regress to the mean. 2 years of data should trump 40 games worth right? *10 billion...  
If Donald trump can pay his friends to like his haircut or him for that matter then I'm sure $10^10 would make it a naked emperor situation. Well. He is very calm.  If I could be as zen as trump id propably put people to sleep as well No need for the salt and snark, money and power will trump laws every single time. Always have, always will... it isn't some feature of American influenced geopolitics, it's basic human nature. I would trust a physicist on many subjects, and I would not trust Donald Trump on any subject.

Simple as that. Shitty condo towers? The Panama picture shows awesome towers, 95% of them built from 2007 and on. Trump tower is pretty sick on the opposite side behind what you can see, infinity pool on the 15th floor, cheap beers, and its easy to hop in and hang out. But.. Doesn't Black Lotus kind of trump all of that? 

You get +3 Black/White/Red/Blue/Green power (until end of turn) Donald Trump can fuck off.  Yeah, pinkbike needs a cultural slap to the face. The commenters are ridiculous and so are some of the writers. It's sad that they're such a good news source, and I would love to see another blog trump them Very few people. Almost none consider their EU identity to trump their British identity. Most people who want to stay in the EU want to do so purely for economic reasons. Your right to use a path for jogging does not trump other people's right to use the path for walking. Everybody has the right to be there, it's not "your path." None of these are strategic reasons that trump the reasons to be aligned with Saudi.  Try to record the conversation of being fired, submit your unemployment paperwork, enjoy 6 months of COBRA benefits and vacation paid by Mr. Trump and the US government. "Group Cry" is to TSCC's advantage. EMOTIONALISM, on the part of their members, is their trump card.  

Therefore, my weather prediction is, rain clouds will gather the first Sunday of every month wherever Mormons have Sacament Meetings. IDK, I'm going to go out on a limb and say that crumbling movie sets trump a single boot, though honestly both make me feel a bit (more) icky about the film industry.   I guess the good news in this post is none of those things are gameplay related. I wholeheartedly agree that those things need to be changed but the fact that QoL issues trump problems with the game itself is a silver lining. I don't know much about card games, but I think it's something akin to that expression "I have an ace up my sleeve".

Not exactly the highest or the weakest, just a trump card that makes a huge difference in a pinch. They're not "non-sporting" because they're 12 gauge, which is why I said

&gt;destructive device provisions trump (most) other considerations

They're "non-sporting" because the ATF felt like picking on them and they were scary looking/sounding. *I read while listening to Donald Trump talk about Deflategate on ESPN* They currently have Donald Trump on sportscenter talking about Tom Bradys suspension....why? Yeah, that never made much sense to me. They pull out this "It was all a ruse!" trump card, then you get to use it and save the day anyway? Rock hard after hearing Trump on SC. Hahaha I was waiting for someone to bring that up. It's definitely the male trump card - we know we're gonna get off 99.9% of the time.  Who gives a fuck what Trump says about Deflategate? Oh god, Trump is defending us. As a Patriots fan, this might be the lowest point of this whole shit show. That's pretty funny. I don't know why Donald Trump should get a say in it.  I mean, I'd say an invention that is so useful that it renders thousands of years of other genius inventions useless is pretty much a trump card. It should be noted that Trump and Robert Kraft are very good friends.  So like, Trump could be voicing Kraft's thoughts that he is not able to voice himself?   Gotta be tough for Repubs. They are against everything Obama does. But in this case it appears that the wealthy are for the bill. So does hate trump pleasing their owners? What difference does that make? Kraft and Goodell were friends before this fiasco. 

Someome as high profile as Trump urging Brady to enter into a lawsuit should be taken as a compliment.  Comedy Central should host a presidential debate between Trump and Vermin Supreme. "I am a Kenyan, Donald Trump was right" I could see Trump going into detail on what Brady should be doing about the whole deflategate situation, and Tom just sitting there thinking, "shutupshutupshutupshutthefuckupshutupshutupshutupshutyourfuckingfaceupshutupshutup..." Please, PLEASE let Trump fire Goodell. I feel like being skilled in straight hand to had combat/wrestling would be a big trump card in a bending fight. No one would expect it.  that feel when clearlove pulled out his eve... dat "2-2 vs SKT in an 500k+ viewers international game that determines the fate of the whole world trump card" eve. "your right to be offended doesn't trump my right to talk shit"

- michael scott No, he's joining Argentine side River Plate. He does need to trump all the South American records now... Suggesting that the opinions of 9 people should trump statistical science. Their job is to interpret the Constitution, not scientific data.  Donald Trump says Brady should sue the NFL for $250,000,000. After seeing the way some of the media votes for these awards (Leaving Kawhi or Draymond completely off the ballot this year. Forgetting to put a player on your ballot.), how could having 1 instead of 0 possibly be the trump card in this discussion? That's fucking ridiculous. Even here in Chicago a downtown condo starts at around 100k. Maybe only Trump and one other building have apartments costing close to a million or more. New York needs to take that snooty stick out of its ass. What about people who need a religious ceremony, and without it, they are not married in the eyes of their religion? Does the state trump the church?  interested in that korrina, trump card, and vs seeker! see anything [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/pkmntcgtrades/comments/35r1zs/usus_ca_h_inrotation_exs_lvlxs_holos_and_much/) To piggy back: Turnberry Towers/Place, The Martin, Panorama, Mandarin Oriental, Trump (tallest building with residential units in Vegas). Sorry. :( But yeah, his desires do not automatically trump yours. If you don't like something and he does, you *talk* about it, he doesn't just get to have his way. Sitting on a board related to your business pro bono will always trump just volunteering. There are many ways to advocate and I think highlighting that on your profile will help. If you have questions feel free to message me. Hook hand *and* Evil Eye  

I think that being able to replace said hook hand with a flamethrower would trump any moustache twirling I could see Bill Gates being a big name. Seen as a good businessman and charitable. 

I'm sure Trump would be a name you see, because he loves to hear himself talk. Honestly, nothing enrages me more than this bullshit. You don't get to water down everyone else's education just because you claim to be hurt by something. Your feelings aren't that important and they don't trump everyone else's education.  ESPN is fucking worried about What Donald Trump has to say on Deflategate while they don't give 2 fuck about Hockey. 
 He was going for VALUE, man, trump would proud Kappa It sounds good but you just don't use Wreck enough with Donphan to make it effective. In decks like P-Groudon that discard stadium a lot it sounds pretty great, though it's still overshadowed by Lysandre's Trump Card. &gt;idol warship

The Navy's real trump card. Fuck nuclear submarines; just mount a couple of action stars and a glamour model to the front of a ship and we're good to go
 Top corners tend to trump top receivers on the other team, even if they are of comparatively similar skill levels. So, assuming I still had relatively good/average safties in the secondary, I'd go with the corner. "my anecdotes trump *your* anecdotes"

Reddit sure does love to defend pedos One point in favor of the "good guy" argument for Kurds is that they tend to live and believe in Secularism. That is, they are religious, with religious beliefs, but those beliefs should not trump basic rules of civility and societal function.  That's still around a 7.5 KDA, and the other accolades I earned that game should trump a measly 6 deaths.. If they match or trump the first Aus card (110) with big international names I can see them filling 55k seats. Give us a good title fight, Hunt and Crocop and the tickets will sell. Don't worry, although it's childish and pointless, it's harmless, I think Trump himself knows this too What "insults"? Tuckfrump? "Kripp kills trump in the future"? Don't really sound like insults to me. Just obnoxious kids being hyper on the internet. Federal law doesn't trump that? Pretty sure we're talking about federal loans here.  I'd say *Fate/Zero* has had the best animation I have ever seen in an anime so far. FSN UBW might trump it but until it's finished Fate/Zero takes the win for me. [Trump Teachings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLvEIxIeBRKSjprrvlbAcbVjzHsnH9PjDX) are a series of videos Trump made to teach the basics of playing. Also includes some pretty good decks to make with the starting cards. &gt; I've definitely dropped that before on a girl that I knew I'd have a fun night out with

Fuck man got a regular donald trump here. 30 bucks each?! You must be in North America for that to be a big chunk of wage.  And these keywords work so well because religion and national myth making continue to teach us that faith, emotion and authority ultimately trump scepticism, reason and analysis. I think it's well beyond money at that level.
Donald Trump walks into a room with Prince Harry...nobody's looking at Donald. I think he was worried about using it as a trump card.

problem is you get into a 'how much racism is bad' then, is once enough? Everyone gets something once, twice? Where does the line go? In retrospect I was caught up in the moment a bit. I can't in good conscience now say that beautiful video game hair would trump a sexual favor from Emma Watson.  Or even an Emma Watson look alike if I'm being truly honest.  This is absolutely the key element in starting your own church or MLM. Feelings trump evidence every day of the week for people searching for answers to life.  Why isn't Trump on this list?

*opponent top decks crazy lethal*

Trump: "Oh dear... disaster"

Like, *CALM DOWN TRUMP, YEESH* It's a strange state of affairs when a corporation's NDA (with backing from the Feds) can trump constitutional protections.   Yeah, but we also have the ROY and arguably the most exciting, young team in the league. Adding the #1 pick to that would probably trump up a fair amount of hype (for better or worse). At the very least, I think that puts us ahead of Philly. Trump posts about 2 videos a day. Are we going to begin linking every single one on this subbreddit? 

I like trump but I don't want this to become excessive. Absolutely wrong. The Church is clear that material participation in intrinsic evil - which the Church says this is - is gravely sinful. You personal philsophizing about it doesn't trump the Magisterium.  it's called ledge trumping. stand at ledge and tap diagonally and down towards the ledge. (to ledge trump them) then tap away (to release ledge) and double jump b-air (to hit them) Freedom of speech isn't even a thing in Canada and even if it was that doesn't trump verbally assaulting someone. Technically yes, there's wpapp[UC Browser] and wpapp[Opera Mini Beta], but they don't have too many features that would trump IE. IE is really not a bad browser. Jindal is an example of a classic sellout politician. I don't think he believes half the crap that comes out of his mouth. He just uses it to trump up votes. Marvel universe (avengers) and star wars. Mostly Cus I want to see Samuel Jackson cornered against impossibly odds, and then finally he pulls out his trump card, he's a jedi, survived and escaped to our galaxy.  I have to respectfully disagree. Reaching the Finals 8 times and winning 2 would not trump reaching 6 and winning 6, in my book. Not saying reaching 8 wouldn't be impressive - that would be phenomenal and an extremely rare feat. 

Again, just my opinion. Confidence can trump the looks, as long as you don't look like a goddamn ogre. Seriously folks, fake it 'til you make it. Your neighborhood voice does not trump that of the whole city.  Adding in the fact that he will blame Obama for literally anything. Trump could stub his toe and he'll blame Obama.  You complain about me and make up stuff, but where is your AMA?

Or is "sutras trump Zen Masters" the totality of your contribution to any discussion about Zen? I won't hold my breath, didn't work too well for them over at Trump last time I checked He tried to trump record black votes by pulling the first woman card. Worst of all with a woman that clearly wasn't vetted.  Livelihood does, in fact, trump money when it comes to happiness.

In other news, water is wet. Don't forget that Trump is a sociopathic narcissist whose daddy gave him a huge hotel empire to start off his shitty life with.   Does my anecdote of having gone to school with Marcus and that he'd never deliberately to anything unethical trump your anecdotal accusations of sliminess? Proper fire aoe will trump frost every time, even without crit. I'm 698 ilvl with only 600 some crit. Not so much the case if you want to play fire on ST fights, though. See:  Hogan, Hulk; WrestleMania 4 promo.

The moment he starts talking about doggy-paddling to safety with Donald Trump on his back, you know he hit the weasel dust just a few moments prior.   I'm not asking anyone to trump my life experiences.  That's not what counts.  What counts is what *you* consider an overwhelming experience where you felt lost or incapable of commanding your life. Are you set on no wheels? I too, go over frequently; with the walking involved I've found that wheels trump looks, every time. 
I have a Briggs and Riley wheeled garment bag that I bought for about $400 that is just dynamite, and guaranteed for life.  That dive would trump a DNA test. probably just spring sales, people getting back outside and what not, volume sales trump high dollar sales. This was my 30th birthday party. The Playlist included some of my favorite music from 1984-2014. There's no way he was going to trump that list.  Maybe there's a whole bunch of science you're trying to trump with your weak assessments.  

You said it best -- "let's be real here" - 

See everybody - rednecks are *everywhere*

(I say that as a southern non-Indian non-vegetarian living in the north) That trump would demand a birth certificate. &gt; I get that consoles still are the biggest market

They're not and whoever told you this is on crack

PC profits trump console profits any day of the week. The DNA test would determine that Trump is an orangutan.  the only thing to trump dad reflexes..... a sport related Ball.  Not sure whether this joke is better or the Trump joke is better. that trump sticks his hand out and says, "yer fiared!"  I'm all for lore, but lore shouldn't trump fun. Besides, I think our OL will be a **major** trump card for 2-point conversions. Get a heavy formation in there with a 6th OL subbed in as a TE. An FB in the backfield.  Donald Trump couldn’t villain his way out of a wet paper sack.  Listened to a lot of your mashups. Pirate Kanye is crazy creative and Donald trump + Donald glover was very well made and worked very well For some reason I read that as Donald Trump killed... Had to read it 3 times Training does not trump dog-aggression 100% of the time, guaranteed. [Giants Rangers mets bro &lt;3](http://m.imgur.com/r/highqualitygifs/JqYTmjn) and agreed Rangers trump all for me.  It's a stage of human life that does not trump the woman's protected rights.  I prefer #2. Fight test is kinda the trump card IMHO I have 
RA Florges ex
FA Florges ex
RA malamar ex
FA Malamar ex
FA xerosic
FA lysandre's trump card
I'm interested in mega aggron, mega heracross and shaymin ex (LT) Ya I feel like I'm going to have to rely heavily on my molecular bio background and use that as my trump card. I keep hearing "Oliver fought Slade" as a trump card for just about every Arrow thread. Didn't he get mostly beaten on every fight when Slade had Mirakuru? Aaron Rogers's decision might trump your bet here.

 I feel you. It's fun to throw in as a trump card in casual arguments with friends, but it really doesn't have a place in most actual discussions. He's also 24 years younger. 

[This is what Trump looked like when he was that age.](http://i.imgur.com/BRMruPE.jpg) What is Trump doing so far away from Hearthstone? Add Zoro (and Franky?) possibly nullifying his trump card and letting everyone run outside the birdcage. I can't wait for it either, we get 6 games to trump the nuckle heads. He's going to stream Hearthstone for TSM along with Trump and Kripp.  how has that high tax rate shit stuck?  It's provably false, yet statists think it's a trump card or something.   I hope she doesn't trump on her face.  Swans trump geese... Holy shit are they agressive It's "deep" and "artistic", it's also "atmospheric". That's enough to trump the fact that it's a couple hours long, has godawful controls, horrible graphics for its time, and it runs very poorly.  Mostly, yes.

And before someone starts going on about appreciating the art, or trying to use the "my kids" trump card, the only exception is where you didn't show your mates or post a "look at my new tat" pic on facebook/Instagram.. God! Because **kings trump queens.** To call him king would usurp Elizabeth's authority. Phillip is not the monarch; he is married to the monarch. The most he can ever be is prince.  Hello! Hello! Hello! for my trump stump. How much for 1x Malamar EX, 1x Florges EX and FA Trump Card? With shipping to UK (not sure how much that is) In Euchre, the trump suit will beat all other suits when played, and higher value trumps will still beat lower trumps. If no trumps are played in a round, the other suits matter, but otherwise trumps rule. Lets see those?


Either way, it's a numbers game, the shear number of 3DS owners outweighs even a small pro rata weighting towards PS vita owners buying games. Mobile downloads trump both platforms anyway.  It depends on the game, but in most (all?) trick-taking card games like whist, hearts, or euchre, cards of the trump suit will beat all other cards except higher trump cards. What about Trump Card? It's probably the oldest unknown move since it was introduce in Gen IV. Sorry bud, murdering your own son is a trump card.  So did Obama ever produce his birth certificate or did Trump just forget about it?  Chances are very good that your son's relationship with his mother is going to trump his relationship with your family. We all know that Trump is the real leader of Australian TSM.

( ง ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)ง AUTSM, ATTEND ME (ง ͠° ͟ʖ ͡°)ง 
  
(ง ◉◡◔)ง READY, TRUMP! (ง ◉◡◔)ง One of those few times where flavor should trump clan mechanics, imo. That minus 6 is an expensive bioshift You are joking, right?  Your 10 year statistic doesn't trump my hyperbole.  Ireland sacrificed its fisheries to get into the EU.

Google 'decline of fisheries in Britain and Ireland'
| About 2,090,000 results (0.93 seconds)  Would izinagi trump naruswag? How so? I can have all the faith in the world that the moon is made of cheese. Facts would trump that. Yeah, and I'm sure many teams go through this very thing.  It just isn't public.  All these people stream so we've gotten to see what happens first hand (at least in the NA scene).  I hope other NA teams trump this shitty sitcom. Better get Trump out there to fix it.  Best way to learn to play better is watch streamers like Trump and Lifecoach. Also you should always search for your mistakes during a game( maybe having a friend spectate you can help). You're right, thank you. I know there is no other way. There's really nothing I can do to make my feelings about it matter because hers automatically trump mine. Thank you for your kind words. You really think PS4 sales would trump PC sales? Left to right, Aon Tower, Trump Tower, Sears (Willis) Tower.  Cool pic OP. Yes. And makes her immune to trump powers. Too OP? Or just a nice little oddity? It means cards of the trump suit will beat all other cards.

It is common in tricks games, where each player plays a card, and the one with the highest card wins the trick.  If clubs are trump, a 2 of Clubs will beat an Ace of any other suit. Everything I have read about Karachi is depressing. A kid from my school came from Karachi. He murdered someone and if the aftermath has demonstrated one thing it is that money can trump the law there.
 Anxiety and other forms of mental illness trump looks every time in how you go through life :(
 When a girl won't give me the time of day, but claims to be into "hot skater guys" now I'll have a reference point. Abs trump landing tricks They wouldnt trump handhelds if it wasn't something you needed and could just get with a cell plan Same salty dude as before.

Be happy, your team is somehow still in the playoffs.

But, for the record, Marty's career will always trump that of the "King of Nothing" To be fair every c list celeb on that show plays for the camera. The rest get fired by Trump early even if they did nothing wrong for whatever reason he makes up to keep the drama stirrers.  I'm excited to see if all the claims the NDP will hurt the economy and raise taxes are true. 

I think they are, but I think the Tories and Libs are worse for us anyway. Crappy fiscal policies still trump nepotism and cronyism.  This is awesome. Nothing will ever trump the original melody and beat, though. In the future I'm going to link to this as a trump card in Reddit arguments IMO, an informed buyer would probably pay less heed to the VRAM capacity craze as opposed to actual memory bandwidth. Hence my belief that 4GB @ 512GB/s will trump 12GB @280GB/s.  Watch Trump on YouTube Yes. Go on YouTube and search for a 10-part series called Trump Teachings. Watch all of it if you have the time it is immensely helpful for deck building and basic game strategy.  Yahoo news is stupid. Shariah law isnt going to trump anything legally in the US any more than the laws of scientology, Westboro baptist, catholicism, or the KKK. It sounds more like wishful thinking paired with confirmation bias. Your anecdotes don't trump the statistics which show large age gaps in marriages are rare. The cool and fun factor trump any amount of bad acting.  Those shows are fucking awesome.  Maybe it doesn't have bad connotations anymore. I just remember in during the 2012 Presidential Election Cycle, Donald Trump referred to black people as blacks and got hammered by various media outlets.  Do they care that much though? I think their own personal preferances (the men in charge) will trump everything else. I think Trump has some videos like that. I can't decide who I like less, Trump or Nugent.  When did dress codes trump fair education? It's not like he was wearing a shirt that said anything evil or racist on it. He wasn't naked. WTF is up with the current system and when will we say the PC movement has gone far enough? Nice view of Trump from BEFORE the Trumpening Does that fear trump EVERY other argument? Esl saving on that travel budget.

Seriously though could they have hoped for a higher profile line up?

Kolento, lifecoach, trump and reynad as 4/5 qualifiers so far. 

Their LAN event is going to get huge numbers! Cool, but your personal experiences don't trump actual research so... For some reason they were interviewing Donald Trump about it on Tuesday. I guess Ja Rule was busy...

BTW: I absolutely hate when the press add "gate" to any controversy There were twins in my sorority, and one was fat and the other was really fit...Clearly fat twins trump the "my guhnetics" argument since they have identical DNA. Good job trump trumpUp
 I proposed a bill exactly like this recently for the Washington State Youth and Government program. Glad to see that it passed two states down! Public safety really should trump religious rights. my thoughts too! Trump literally said "I just trusted the post" during the interview..which definitely implied he didn't get to play test it too much! Watch trump videos for example, the ones were he talks about the gvg cards. It is atleast 2 cuts per cards. Yea, trump thinks alot, but still its pretty amazing how Kripp does that. Usually youtube videos are just cuts behind cuts (Like Gorepuker said) I don't have kids and probably won't. I occasionally want one though. (It's got to be biology fighting with my logic). I would think that the experience prior to and for the years after with your child trump hours of labor. Thanks, one of the main things that confused me was why trump didn't have a first round. You clarified that really well.  &gt; religious convictions

Ah, good 'ole religious convictions.  The trump card for all major issues in the US.  How a religious *belief* can be held to such a high standard that it can over rule scientific fact truly confuses me. How pretentious. A 2009 Caddy *is not* an 81 Caddy and it wouldn't surprise me if the Sorento really was a more comfortable, more reliable, better car.

And a 68 Camaro is a trump card. Can't beat it.  He gave money to a charitable foundation, not a candidate. 

Donald Trump also gave money to the Clinton Foundation.  Does that make him a biased Clinton supporter?

That said, he should have disclosed it.  I think stand your ground would trump a permit issue. They haven't been on the endangered species list since 1987. Going by your logic, Donald Trump is now a liberal superpac-funding, democrat. &gt;Donald Trump also gave money to the Clinton Foundation. Does that make him a biased Clinton supporter?

False equivalence. 

Donald Trump isn't moderating political debates, nor is he bound by professional ethics, as journalists are supposed to be.  Trump was known to use decks from reddit anyway. Trump uses a deck all his fans use the deck. That's thousands of people across all ranks using decks that originate on reddit.  Never, ever give up that trump card! Play along. It will serve you wonderfully through life. Like Donald Trump is a hobo's idea of a millionaire.  God that one was rough. They were living a perfectly good life as a spring league  and fucking Donald Trump comes in and fucks everything because he was pissed the NFL wouldn't let him buy in. You mean the sort of good luck that Trump needs when finding another million? Snap... snap trump ? Er... Dowsing Machine ACE SPEC, Lysandre's Trump Card + Computer Search, and ROS Regirock off the top of my head No I love Rex Ran, but I'm Donald Trump and this is my secret reddit account.  Ok well in that case I recommend you throw $4.99 at Trump and then say something about Value Town in every one of your subsequent posts. It means Donald Trump should moderate a debate where his bias would have an impact. They are a video-games company run by business men and not video-game makers, money is always going to trump creativity and quality even if that is entirely flawed logic to us. No, saving money for Trump Thump Chump. They may matter a bit if you plan on going into a graduate program, but experience and recommendation letters trump everything also, my button would trump your button! His only trump card:  "Bitch, tell that to my rings." Lifting is far more competitive than basketball because at the end of the day, 300 pounds will always trump 290 pounds. Numbers don't lie, and "basketball skill" can't be measured in numbers.  Oh you are a twitch guy. Forsen or kripp? Trump? You sound like a trump guy. Stop shitting on the game, some people dont like Feces Yeah, an image of Chicago would probably have Aon Center(Standard Oil) building and Trump Tower in the view.   Since the Sears/Willis Tower is so far back from Lakeshore drive, it wouldn't appear this tall in a view from water level.  It's certainly possible, but unlikely. However, he SHOULD in order to bring in at least LMA. Just keep in mind, though, that those nebulous "basketball reasons" can and will trump any of this in order to keep all league owners in check.  I am amazed to this day the garbage blue laws that still persist. I can't be surprised by politicos supporting them, though; contributions trump ideology every time. Yes, but it *is* TV.

Ratings trump actual character development.

&gt; butchering the scene with the two of them in S04E10

Refresh my memory? The Supremacy Clause of the Constitution makes federal law trump state law. So, if a state legalizes marijuana, but the federal government makes it illegal, then it's illegal. It's impossible to say for sure, but I don't think that Blizzard will bring him back to fight against a third time. That would trump Kael'thas and we can't have that. &gt; Does that make him a biased Clinton supporter?

But Donald Trump isn't a journalist. aha the trump evil laugh Photo's don't compare to 100s of Millions of games daily spanning 20-30 minutes at the least with all the game rendering, assets and data from the match, the average file size per replay would trump a photo 100 fold.  there is no lag nor has there ever been since 1.0.0

ledge trumping is never guaranteed

if they buffer a ledge action everytime, you will never be able to ledge trump them 

also, ledge trumping is pretty common by now, window for fame is over The Trump school of economics.  &gt;I still don't see how an argument of bodily integrity would trump abortion if it was unethical.

Did you read the link I posted? You can't dps when you're dead -- mechanics trump your big stupid numbers.  Being the victim of a brutal gas attack, you'd think Hitler would be the first to institute more humane policies into his warfare.

I guess genocidal maniac had trump on that one. That is correct.  Oculus is letting 2014 mobile tech trump 2016 PC tech.  wtf. Yes, but if the probability of it occurring is low, then other results are more common, and the low probability (0.0001%) results are quite rare. Subjective assessment of rates of occurrence don't trump the fact that success for that event is quite rare. A couple miliseconds is enough to trump your competition through automated trading. Everybody acting like Game of Thrones is a War of the Roses docudrama right now.  Come on.  We all know if Donald Trump or Nancy Grace said this you wouldn't be stumbling over yourselves to espouse how "technically correct" they were. Donald Trump and George Clooney actually have the same odds as well from what Trump said.... Jordan wasn't very good at that.  Thought it and nope: we're fat enough as it is and I don't think US federal forces can contain 5 million people who want to tear apart Donald Trump limb by stinkin' limb Agreed.  QB is a trump card.  If you swap Montana for another all-time great at an offensive position I'd go defense, but QB is just too important That's what's up dawg. Although joints trump blunts. It's all about sharing your green with fellow ents Evaporation and convection in this case trump friction.

Not so when you're the space shuttle coming in for a landing.

So for when you're a human sitting and sweating in front of a fan. Probably should change it to best craftable dual blades, since relic dual blades will completely trump them in terms of status. I love how angry you are with them.  I imagine you sitting at a table with them like Donald Trump and telling them all why they suck and are fired. Even then, Trump has the name recognition. Well, there are CERTAIN "activities" that trump whatever Destiny or any game can muster.. lol.  Several of the newer cards over the past few months still have no images. This often happens with several of my opponent's cards. Of the cards I regularly use, Nephe Shaddoll Fusion, Performapal Trump Witch, and Fusion Substitute are still blank. I agree with this notion, I mean wtf, do we have to wait for people to net-deck Magma Rager off Trump for him to be viable!!! I THINK NOT!!! I won a stay 4 night stay at the Trump Hotel in Central Park one Thanksgiving The DCCU has one movie. I'd argue many things in the MCU would trump that. The battle of New York could rival it even if less is seen This is still an argument about what people believe instead of what they know. 

A belief doesn't trump logic.  When he attacked Donald Trump for taking Sarah Palin to a chain pizza store run by lebanese people in Times Square Its a public safety issue,I'm all for ramming it down private schools throats.

I'm tired of the "my scientifically wrong beliefs trump other peoples safety" eh, gameplay should always trump canon IMO.  I rather play an amazing game that has some canonical or weird "science" flaws, then a lesser game that adheres to the rules I remember hearing how Trump said something similar to his daughter. I think he told her how most people around are actually much richer than they are because of how much debt Trump had... All I can say is the sentimental value would trump any physical worth in my opinion.


I sold a watch I inherited long ago, and regret it to this very day... They use them to trump up the charges, I know that Reminds me of the line he threw at Whitney Cummings at the Donald Trump roast. "I've rolled blunts fatter than you. But you've been passed around a little bit more." That the NFL hired Donald Trump to destroy the USFL. I totally thought a $340 piece of hardware would trump any $1000+ PC thrown at it! /s The jet card was the trump card tbh. None can trump South Park : SOT I don't think we'll trump the Sion remake any time soon but it is very good. Wow! What a finish and a night! Really wanted to root for Eric, but sorry; Jr and his team trump everything. Sold 100x Phantom Forces 30x Furious Fists 2x FA AZ 1x Professor Birch's Observation FA and 2 trump FA I have all of the below from your list that i can trade

Blend Energy WLFM x4
Lysandre's Trump Card
Professor Sycamore
Rainbow Energy x4
Silent Lab x1
 How? Laws aren't supposed to trump the constitution as it is. He's just telling us what we want to hear. P Kyogre + 4 Blend, 4 Rainbow, and the Trump for FA Ray? i can do P kyogre (regular art) 4 blend (wlfm) Trump card and silent  lab

for ray FA  will ship tomorrow  The same can be said to him. Does he think his religious values trump feminist values of gender equality? 

I think it's also important to remember that religion has been used as a tool to oppress women for thousands of years.  Obvious violation of the First Amendment, not to mention that the federal law is going to trump state law on that anyway.

Just going to take some time and a court case to get struck down. As usual I over analyzed the situation it seems. A beacon effect does trump my idea and they're fairly difficult to obtain thus not overpowering the system. Beacon effect it is. Well played sir, off to do some tests. Cruising Tinder w/live advice from Trump while laddering He looks like trump lol Meanwhile Reynad called Trump to ask for advice on how to choose girls on Tinder. So, what does Trump value most in a girl? In trump speak, that means high health. I dont see Kripp and Trump anywhere, what game is this "hearthstoner"? [Here's a link to a playlist with all Trump Teachings episodes!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KjtRokhpvM&amp;list=PLvEIxIeBRKSjprrvlbAcbVjzHsnH9PjDX) I suspect that they think concerns about health trump concerns about view, even if those concerns are misplaced. lol, this.

She forgot he had a trump card: race. The Midlands has Coventry, Nuneaton and Wolverhampton. We trump you all. I would invite Donald Trump to breakfast on the 11th and then not show up.  http://www.twitch.tv/reynad27/v/5084336?t=58m09s

link to trump x reynad tinder  64: the controlller. I need a gc controller :/

Melee: crouch cancelling

Brawl: tripping, MK being overly dominant

Smash: lack of tech, ledge trump system, up tilt/up air simulator ''Donald Trump net worth''...damn I guess I'd fuck him for the cash. His mods are tying to make a Pleb version of Trump chat. what is AWB? and how does it trump all his other votes? Do you mean:

Neo, Springtrap, Donald Trump and those Anime character's? The bit with Trump is still un-muted for me! Bits of it are muted though, but not the Trump Tinder top-tips. Sure you can't watch it? To rebuild attraction it's often easier to use that new girl anyway. Preselection as trump card. Attracting new women will ignite it in the previous ones as well.  I don't want to be mean, but this is just the usual hunter deck with slight differences. None of you can safely claim that you created it.

It's pretty nice though that Trump trusted us with his tournament deck. Value player! Trump would be so proud. There is no Donald Trump in this game.
Springtrap is one of the post-credits bosses, if you haven't acquired him. Is it really turning people away? He had 7k viewers when I looked. Trump still has a ton of viewers with sub only. wow trump is terrible at this  ..... fuck me.... i searched the apprentice... so im guessing me and donald trump and havin an evening together. At least dinner will be good As much as Forsen's chat loves it's "BAN TRUMP SUBS" spam, I've never actually seen this happen unless someone is hardcore spamming trumpW. I think Trump just has low standards.

Swiping right to all even before the changes was a bore  This deck worked out great for Trump on day one of the ESL Redemption tournament, but failed everbody who brought it on day 2.  Tool usage seems to trump both of those. Car with AC &gt; Long sweaty walk I know you're joking but it might bring some life back into the stream. He's going full Trump lately. In addition to all the other good advice here... Everyone is adults. They should know your needs trump their wants when you're in labor. If they're being pouty about it, it's childish and beneath them. Not something you need to feel guilty for. Does Trump charge for this coaching? I'd say we're more like Donald Trump with a wife and kids living in his mansion's back shed, whom he can afford, but refuses, to feed or shelter beyond that. I'm sure Trump doesn't mind. This makes me feel like, as much as I love him, Trump never gets laid. And Reynad does nothing but try to. Do you still need the trainers you listed? I have the following:

2x Colress

3x Level Ball

1x Trump Card

1x Professor sycamore

1x Silent Lab

1x Rainbow Energy

I'm interested in Latios EX, Half-Art Togekiss, and Shedinja. Could Trump even hear it from his side?

Edit: actually, yeah he probably could considering he says to take the "donaterino's" advice YOLO.... I've stopped talking to people who have sent this to me over text. Saying this does not provide a trump all excuse to do things Possibly because people don't agree that it's the best looking game.

It looks nice and has a nice art style, but there are a *lot* of games that trump it. It's like saying HL2 is the best looking game on PC. I think Trump was watching Reynad's stream. So, yeah, he could definitely hear the text-to-speech. It makes me wonder if Trump uses that site as well, he knew exactly where the accept all function was located on the page. Well Reynard said on stream they watched gaara play it at a tournament once where he would press no to everyone. Trump was also watching the stream, so I think he knew things. Damn right. 

The one possible exception: the second trump tower is sold I embrace the new name*. I really don't like Donald dick face.

*within reason, I'm sure the building could be sold and renamed by an entity I also very much dislike. Yeah I have no doubt Trump will find a girlfriend, he's too nice of a guy not to, but he's not going to be casually hooking up on Tinder much. &gt; I think his support of an AWB pretty much trumps his other votes. 

See, I feel the opposite. All the non-gun issues he's been great on trump any possible gun issues.  or kanye or michael vick or that wife punching boxer or donald trump or... I heard Trump is an alternative personality of Prison Trump, but I'm not too sure.  Donald trump in my ass lmfao Don't you hate when you're having a football discussion with someone and then they, apropos of nothing, try to trump you by claiming that their school has better academics than yours? Tech is patient zero for that. New favorite: Trump Ferry Point. Expensive though. 

Before it opened, my favorites were Split Rock &amp; La Tourette. 

Not technically in the city but Liberty National is crazy nice. Played an outing there last year.  ITT: Emotions and ideology trump facts and human life.  I've heard so many negative things about the course from the history of building it to how Trump is ripping off the city to the price -- but nice to know that at the end of the day, it's a nice track. It's not all that hard to get rid of hostile code if you know where it is.  The power plug is pretty much the ultimate trump card. That's the best science we have on the subject.  My link is referencing studies of studies.  Your Time article does not trump it. It's like watching two extremes. Reynad is too picky, but Trump is too accepting. Nothing wrong with hitting no is you're not attracted to someone  Well, my Time article is about a subsequent study that found serious methodological flaws with yours and reached a conclusion opposite the one yours did, so actually, my Time article does trump it. Nice try though. I think I can see pixel of mine.  Trump is blocking. Ultimate trump card Caribbean or not, it's going to take a special kind of recipe to trump my mother's signature mangu. I came here to say Donald Trump but it would not meet the OP's secondary conditions. I even broke out the ol' trump card 

http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/366qk0/teacher_opens_a_can_of_whoopass/crblnzl

Now i am off to tumblr to start shit and make some sjw's heads explode. As a trump youtube subscriber that doesnt follow competitive hearthstone much these posts are invaluable to me. I honestly would have no idea how to find these matches otherwise! Nope, Medicaid is a federal program so their rules trump state. Lots of rule changes this year too! It's funny how PT was just a demo untill it got taken down and some Donald Trump like buisness man put a ps4 up for $1000 and everyone was interested in PT again. issei gets more OP and gets recognized as an angel by michael, so he can have trump cards as well as chess pieces to have enough room for his harem, problem solved That movie means a lot to me for reasons I'd rather not disclose, and I'm probably confident in saying that *does* trump Paddington. Actually it usually works really well for me. Barring being against very quick setup attackers or Toad, I usually successfully mill them out... unless they play Lysandre's Trump Card, that is.  Try watching Trump Teachings on youtube, they helped me a lot on becoming a better player overall, and my occasional arena runs are that much better for it too Could be a trump card.

Like they hide it for the start of the event so no team can start antistratting, then they pull it out during playoffs I need some further explanation as to what im seeing, but I think my launcher will trump it when complete. The part where he calls Trump isn't muted.... this is one of the most unoriginal post ever since names are not even unique and everyone can steal names like trump kripp forsen ect and play with those names. so please stop with these crappy unoriginal posts plzzzzz Donald trump vs rosie o'donnell. That was so fucking stupid. It made me stop watching wrestling for a while I call bullshit you're space marines should trump their pikemen Why is it when anyone gets excited its automatically "THEY ARE PEWDIPIE!" "THEY ARE AMAZ"

Its like you aren't allowed to be having a good time, and everyone needs to be as monotone as Trump when they play. The Donald Trump Seal of Approval.

---

*^I ^am ^a ^[bot](http://www.reddit.com/r/CAHbot/comments/34nbre/how_to_use_and_faq/) ^for ^horrible ^people.* Donald trump and the rest of the top 1% can suck my big fat mexican dick. True. That Italian has provided GG with more than just a viable trump card. I agree. It will be interesting to see what changes Trump makes at Turnberry. It's my favourite Open course so I hope he doesn't ruin it. I know people have been critical of his changes at Doral. &gt;That's something someone losing it says.

Why does your cod psychology trump the whistleblower's cod psychology? FFS everybody! Did someone wave a microphone at the Trump again? Haven't we been over this?   They are all really helpful. I got my drafting knowledge by watching trump his drafts. They're representing national interests - as in national strategy. I hate to have to tell you that Santa isn't real, but your interests will never trump diplomatic or strategic concerns.  I'll register as a Republican as soon as I figure out who I should vote for ironically. It was a really tight contest between Cruz and Carson, but I can see Trump earning my vote if he runs.  Yeah i just watched all his arena runs. Back in the day. As the other guy said, its not only bout the picks tho. But i learned almost all the basics from trump bcus he is really educational. It really is amazing how re-purposed smartphones trump just about any specialized solution involving cameras, GPS, touch screens, mini servers, etc. so gay peoples demaned to get service in every backery in the entire country trump straighs peoples rights to manage their store how they want? Then my wife. Medicinal skills trump most things in my view. But I don't know how our relationship would last, having left our kids to die. Oh fine, play a trump card! I'll be over here rolling for awe.  Donald Trump and Steven Seagall. would like to see a trump vs reynad vs forsen vs amazhs tinder battle.  
the one with the most matches wins. Oh really? Must have missed that. What a foolish sentiment, one playstyle does not trump the rest in a game like league of legends. The power of execution of every play has prevailed time and time again not just the Korean playstyle. Shame on Monte.  Well... Amsterdam/Prague trump Berlin but I see where you're coming from. Eh, school in general, then... you don't need to trump me, your condescension is enough to drive me off already. Dair spikes on delfino into water with you still living. If you ledge trump you can spike on stage to punish the lack of invincibility. Probably, but sometimes the reality of the situation can trump the legality. I doubt anyone would have gotten in real trouble.  takes money to make money, donald trump told me that No point, Trump would be the obvious winner. Brackets: http://wiki.teamliquid.net/hearthstone/HTC_Invitational#Results We do need finals to be Forsen v Trump 4Head They would here.

Yes, I am a good and very involved parent. So much so that the principle and some teachers don't care for me too much. They feel I "challenge" their authority too much. I always remind them that their authority doesn't trump mine. Hey, in the 5th game when Strifecro drew inner rage and celebrated, Trump clearly reacted to it. Was his cam delayed by an insane amount of time or what am I missing? &gt;Ysera Awakens OP
&gt;
&gt;EDIT: Trump wins the rematch! I know what you're saying. That doesn't trump the fact that the pitches were outside the strike zone. This ump is just all over the place. The last pitch on the walk to Castro was in the exact same spot. lol.  Any Browns fan can tell you business will always trump history  This is not me subtly bragging about my "size". There are many guys who are massive that completely trump me in every aspect of physical size  And definitely any kind of rinnegan powers would trump Itachi as well, I forgot about that.  Donald Trump yo. I don't think their refusal to sell needles has any impact on their bottom line. Needles are cheap, whatever profit is realized is miniscule. Their moral opinions trump their desire for financial gain. In a thread full of people talking with absolute certainty about things they nothing about, you've still managed to trump them all.  Donald Trump worked abnormally hard. Wat? He may be an arrogant, self-important ass, but Trump fucking invented that persona. Some of forsens viewers thinks he hates trump  I completely agree. I don't have a problem with advertising as it's the sponsor of the tournament, but Monk saying "tweet HTC Invitational whatever right now if you are as excited as I am" when Trump caused the tie with Ysera Awakens is over the top.  I mean, I don't think it's a secret underwater army I just think during the long night 2.0 they'll use those bodies as a trump card. Why, that's because feels trump any and all need for evidence or explanation of any sort, of course... And then trump telling him to craft it. When you can afford it, yes. In a battle when the alternative is your death, you go with the practical and allow the natural tendencies of people to trump up stories upon retelling to work its magic. Maybe Prison Trump was into something. Alison Brie is *not fair*. She's like the trump card of human beings. Kripp x Trump

Kripp is super laid back whereas Trump is more technical. It's probably some bullcrap Blizzard philosophy that Mechwarper is balanced because then you'll need to have Mechs in your deck, otherwise it's just a vanilla 2/3. That's how Mad Scientist got into the game, after all.

Mech Overlords trump Dragons. Do you even know how trump made his money ? Will it trump having a franchise QB? Yes. If you're wondering where the Trump tower is, it's directly behind Shangri-La from that angle. You can see the crane. Nah man, Nocturne and Raidou easily trump DDS Strifecro vs Trump was a really good set. I thought I wanted the Rockets to win, but I cant stand Jason Terry or Howard. But my love for Texas should trump that. I just cant muster the energy to root them on. Go for a pretend spike, if they just hang there. Once they climb back up, you should have already started jumping, to then trump them off the ledge. 

It's kind of hard to stop other than you going out potentially further than you can safely. It's a thing he does he "steals" Trump's viewers for Trump's food break and signs off when Trump returns. It's a politeness thing more than anything else.  That's because you live in California, so the only people you know are Democratic voters. 

Micheal Bachman and Donald Trump are both prominent anti-vaxxers, it's not really a party politics thing.  I really is depressing to know that if the Cavs ever have their backs truly against the wall, Lebron can just start bulldozing his way into the lane and get as many layups, free throws, and and-1s as he wants. It's like the ultimate trump card. i can't wait for the 300 series cards to come out. The flagship (fiji XT)  is said to trump titanx by 15% (wccftech,kitguru,tom's). if this is true Nvidia must be sweating bullets because there will not be a better gpu for almost a year! I can't see how it won't.  Unless, she's got some kind of trump card that can't possibly fail her.  Qyburn's CleganeFrankensteinMonster? This is the way to go. New rules trump old ones. If problems arise from those rules, new rules to handle those problems can be proposed. Sorry but dragons trump the fuck out of this let alone all the other things I can think of. Responsibilities of parenthood trump bodily autonomy. But the doctor's *methodology* is scientifically sound, even if it failed in this one instance.  In the aggregate, science will always trump pseudoscience. lirikNICE wow Trump is nice to us forsenboys i think we should stop flaming him.  
NOT EleGiggle Let's accept that there are "a huge amount of people doing it" (a claim which is not rooted in statistic-reality)

-- Then so what? What of it?

Why is it a bad thing? And what solutions trump meting out money-for-nothing and/or chicks for free? Someone asked Trump the same question which he answered in his recent hybrid Hunter video on YouTube. He said cut secrets and add 4 other good cards.  This show blows. Forever reiterating that books will always trump shows/movies. True that. Something that magnificent may be found only once in her life, no matter how hard she searches for it again.

In the midst of everything going on in her life, that trump rump sesh brings cathartic reminiscence. What an achievement to be proud of. How will they trump it in the future? It's my favorite podcast, that's for sure. Reddit will trump almost any other source of information in almost everything.

Nothing against the IGN guys, they make an enjoyable podcast every week. Does anyone else think the parent looks like a camel version of Donald trump  Guntards rights to guns evidently trump all other rights.  Man, what kind of fucked up chickenshit feels the need to carry around cartoonists and cosplayers? Oooh, so dangerous guise. What do you even need maturity and experience for, honestly? The power of love/friendship is the trump card 99 times out of 100 anyways. ~~Trogg~~ Trump no stupid I'm confused, is Trump trolling here? Because this deck is awful and his advice is just as awful. i believe my parenting instincts would trump getting outta there This person isn't a domestic violence researcher. They are a professional feminist. And like most professional feminists, ideology will always trump research. BUT TRUMP DECLARED HUNTERS UNUSABLE LAST YEAR.  Tom Kenny is [the voice of a lot of characters.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Kenny_filmography#Television) If you're playing the 6 Degrees of Voice Actors game, Tom Kenny is a trump card alongside Billy West and Frank Welker. Some areas may have laws prohibiting the resale of items with missing serial numbers, to avoid selling stolen items. Nintendo's policies can't trump law. Not saying that is the case here but it could be. Since when does "officer safety" trump my rights? Our society currently holds the belief that  individual and property rights trump the overall good.

See vaccines for example. Genetics always trump nutrients. That game could be so frustrating sometimes...

"Oh, you have a knight with upgraded armor and weapons? Yeah, these two goblins trump you .." Donald Trump speech writer Doing horrible things most certainly is a concern for the US.  Geopolitics however trump that.  If the US tied it's foreign policy strictly to it's ideology it would probably be a puppet state it's self.    http://www.christiandebtconsolidation.org/

Bankruptcy is not as bad as people make it seem either Donald Trump did it and I dont see him complaining. 

Also you should read up on Dave Ramsey
http://www.daveramsey.com/home/  It's a CHARITY, ffs.  I'm shocked that Trump actually donated money for a selfless cause that didn't directly benefit him other than via the tax deduction.  As someone who used to drive all day throughout the week, screw music. Podcasts &amp; audiobooks quickly trump hearing the same stuff over &amp; over, even when pulling from my 4,000+ MP3s. yeah, still don't get it.

"Donald Trump doesn't understand US immigration policy" doesn't seem to fit into anything on there.  &gt; The broad Pacific Ocean is vast enough to embrace both China and the United States,” Xi said


Under their rules of course. Because order and law trump anything else. They're acting in the 21st century with 1950's rules.  congress's commerce clause powers supersedes all other powers in this regard....  and congress via law passed some of that authority on to the FCC

nothing the states argue can trump it  OK, but I still don't see what this has to do with any of those things. This is to do with Donald Trump being a dick. Religion really doesn't come into it.  Isn't trump on TSM if so why isn't TSM in the team part? Yeah, Donald "Just in Time for Another Book Release" Trump would like to say hello. And not that Lysandrae Trump card. haha Jallens one of the most autistic people I know only you trump his autism and your opinion means shit since your one of the worst players. I don't empathize with her acting like she is the only person who is allowed to be tired because she made a choice to have kids. We both have issues with sleep, hers doesn't trump mine and mine isn't an issue of me being a "spoiled princess." TIL Donald Trump is an Angels fan. 

 I'd wait for the r9 390x. It's looking like it's going to trump just about everything.  Well, the only hole here is in your lack of scientific awareness about us. You can learn the science and medicine of us, or you can go on thinking your opinions trump fact and reality. I believe we are done here. Donald Trump would kill a person to double his career earnings. No, of course he shouldn't but look at someone like Trump who is humble while playing others instead of talking shit, there is a difference.  That isn't even close to true. Large masses of angry people trump guns and tenuous loyalty any day. Rules don't trump your DM Dear NDP. Back free speech for science and this will be the final trump card in your election campaign.

-a former liberal supporter. Also, common fucking sense because bows are real and we have both movie and non-movie examples of how they work. 

A player trying to use rules at my table to trump common sense is quickly going to get eaten by a random dragon, by the rules.  Why don't they deserve equal treatment and protection under the law?  Why do your religious beliefs trump their freedom? In fairness to the nutters, the Quran is the eternal and perfect  word of the god, (insert appropriate superstitious nonsense)  so the Hadith, which is just the word of fallible humans, logically cannot trump it. Footstools trump shields? Check his battletag, if it has the same # following it as Trump then it's real. Otherwise, just remember any number of people can be named "Trump" in Battle.net. Remember. Trump is just a businessman, not the media.  Star Wars but you have to give a hand to the original Star Trek and Game of Thrones Trump them both Food Fight is pretty good.

My least favorite is actually the Barbie episode. Sorry, dunno why but the only bits that got me were the Donald Trump part and the "WHO'S READY TO PLAY BARBIE BITCHES" thing. They're running a business. Their profits trump what's actually best for the health of their customers.  oops I thought it was the trump tower! I'm so dumb. What kind of chicago native am I! A Des Moines Trump Tower would look pretty boss though.  I remember that being a part of that one game, but I find it strange that mario 64 ds would trump every single game since then where Luigi CAN walljump Trump has a lot of singing videos. Here is but a small sample. Just search google/youtube for Trump sings.

http://youtu.be/_ERPdsciQ6E

http://youtu.be/i1clAdj5cfg

http://youtu.be/qP7CvRPa_vw

http://youtu.be/6v72BHoO1Yw
 Oh now this might trump the earlier suggestion after i saw their french toast  It's not being pompus buddy. Let me ask you, do you think Trump can win the GOP nomination?

And yes, Hillary's own age is an issue too. No, Donalds Trump election prospects are exactly the same as Bernies. You don't see that because you really want Bernie to win.

 Encyclopedias don't trump Zen Masters.

Why don't you quote some Zen Masters about what they are talking about?

What does Zhaozhou say about what he's talking about?  Huangbo?  Wumen?

 I dont want to make trump sad :( They trump your assertions about Zen/Chan.  &gt; Did trump complain about it?

[Yes.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9YX_797pec&amp;list=WL&amp;index=7) I really liked Robin Rises. Wish he kept some powers though, like a trump card for Batman Does Donald Trump seem like a nice guy to you? Go watch trump and his series of playing to legendary without spending any money and trust, it will make you a lot better at the game. Most of the time the only reason you lose, is because you made a mistake. mate...you played that trump card way too early. Yes, it's a political fact, like Trump won't win either. Sorry that you are too much of a child to realize that. Because that's about the only trump card they have nowdays 1-star is certainly any%. It might not be the fastest route, but this is a marathon. Safe strats trump risky strats in this context. Both are untouched
Eevee:
OT= VGC10
Moves= iron tail, trump card, flail, quick attack

Milotic:
OT= VGC09
Moves= rain dance, recover, hydro pump, icy wind

I'd like Diancie but if you don't have one, but have something else cool, I'd be interested (: I believe it too, still vote for Bernie. Only if Bernie doesn't trump the "heir apparent," will I then consider her over the craptastic clown car of the Republicans, and then go vote for Gary Johnson. Searched it. His name is Boris Johnson. He looks like Heenan and Donald Trump made a baby. &gt;Of course, why should it be legal to compel you to write something you disagree with? 

Because your personal beliefs don't trump other peoples protected rights. And homophobic or racist bigotry is not a protected right. You've Been Trumped and the sequel A dangerous game, two documentaries about rich fucks like Donald Trump ruining peoples lives by trying to build a golf resort in their rural village. You also have a responsibility to not harm innocent people around you. Your version of self defense doesn't trump another's right to assumption of safety.  While being friendly/helpful is my trump commendation, Bard who plays songs is my #2. It's a more rare occurance for me to see than anything else.

I tend to give a lot of commendations out to Scholars who multitask, as well. &gt; Because your personal beliefs don't trump other peoples protected rights.

Boom. No. /u/continous is just a fat cat Donald Trump with his ability to afford showers and thinks swimming in the sewers isn't good enough for him. Visual impact from Earth? What is Donald Trump fucking managing this shit? Futurama is chock full of voice acting trump cards. Billy West plays half the staff of Planet Express! And then there's Maurice Lamarche... fair, but if it's safety issue (bacteria) wouldn't that trump cost? Try to roll for quests like "Destroy 40 minions", get better at the game (because if you are bad at constructed, you'll be bad in arena as well)  by watching players like the trump and ratsmah then play arena For instance: I can get this [J Crew Ludlow](https://www.jcrew.com/mens_category/suiting/PRDOVR~50678/50678.jsp) overnighted to me and off to the tailor by Thursday for less than $900. 

Would you say that this option would trump the Jack Victor option?  Wouldn't weapons with higher damage generally be higher ilevel, therefore higher stats? Also, at least for Hunters (last I checked) weapon damage actually *did* trump every other stat.

For casters, spell power is essentially the same thing... That's true, but it depends on whether there's whistleblower protection, which may trump an employment contract.  I believe Trump has a good video series on youtube. The talking thing seems difficult! Im an awkward and shy person  (not as bad as trump hehe) but im sure its just a lot of practice! Thanks for the input! Why not?  Because a Wayne Enterprises logo depicted in a movie, comic book, cartoon, tv show etc may very well be  protected under copyright laws. 

Personal preference does not trump copyright laws. Kraft holds the trump card, though. "You want your team on national TV? Fucking back me on this." Maybe someone already said this, but apply anyway. A good interview can trump experience in many cases.  Yeah. I meant that Deshaun probably wouldn't have underthrown him, but if I bring up quarterbacks who weren't in the game, you can certainly trump me in that game.  How do you feel about the fact that many political betting markets show you with a better chance of becoming president than Donald Trump despite the fact that he has announced that he's running, and you aren't even legally allowed to run :) I forgot about Kobe's play during the 08 Olympics. He was awesome; was the defensive stopper and the trump card on offense.  Well, he is like Donald Trump. Trump declares bankruptcy all the time. Hopefully your friend also has a rich daddy who will bail him out. Trump and Monk casting together, they're a pretty decent combination. I'm always happy to hear the rare instance that Trump casts.  When it comes to a question on that level, I think the lady of the house has the trump card.

We could play somewhere else, but the ladies of those houses have the same rules (or more stringent). Yeah no offense but I cba to listen to Trump and monk casting. I need my monthly doses of 4Head and Kripp. yup. And the people he outbid? MLSE and Donald Trump (sort of, I don't think anyone ever seriously thought Trump would win). If he can outbid MLSE, he can outbid MLSE for a football team, he can outbid Detroit for an NHL coach.  The Guild Wars 1 wiki does not trump the Guild Wars 2 wiki. When the two are in conflict, the GW2 wiki takes priority. Nothing about in anywhere, not even tweets.

Kind of unique to see trump casting but otherwise such a standard tournament. Think we need to move past these kinds of events.

 Cracked me up no end when Occupy started using "1%". I kept picturing Donald Trump in chaps and colors...  Emotions trump everything for these people. It makes you wonder how these men will ever attract a woman. What woman wants a man that's about as emotional as teenage girl on her period?  No, us whites learned what it meant once Little Jonathan explained it at great length on an episode of Celebrity Apprentice. The Trump was amused! There isn't though. Your intuition doesn't trump decades of scientific research. Physics doesn't have to work like you think it does. Check out [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XBr4GkRnY04) video by Veritasium. Watch Trump teachings on youtube, it will help you a ton. I get the point, which is that winning should trump your KDA or any other metric for mastery.

But yeah, it's pretty annoying I have engaged with them before. they think saying they are a women is a trump card  Can you comment on why Jund is better than Junk vs. Merfolk? I find that Master of Waves is a big trump in either matchup, but Jund has a harder time getting rid of it due to the pro-red. I am having trouble finding vod guides and decent streams. Any recommendations?

I would really just like to watch someone playing and explaining what is going on from a newbie perspective. (A Trump or StrifeCro) I am disgusted that there was ever any question.  Since when does a religion trump our Bill of Rights?   Oh, since the Muslims got the internet... Just the few of you that think your anecdotal experiences trump decades of research and refuse to acknowledge that there are genetic underpinnings to alcoholism.  Then you have a different view than most people. Slams trump rankings. Damn, when he called Trump i almost died. PogChamp  I can trump that. When I was 11 the ren faire had Klingons. Well, emotions trump all unless you're talking about the death penalty.  Then it's all about empirical data and setting aside emotions to make a reasoned decision  So thank goodness federal regulations trump state laws.  I'm sure all the rich worshipers in red state are crying state rights, but fuck them. It doesn't trump the money I save by preordering. I knew I was going to buy it, what's the point of waiting and paying more? I like my Lenovo budget gaming laptop.  However, great screen might trump all.  IPS display.  Backpacks ...  Ton out there depending on budget.  I have a tenba satchel for laptop body and two lenses that does alright.   Ok, so what beats this? Because in a few days Trump is gonna play this and then everyone is gonna play this and I want to be ready. :p

I'm seeing Paladin, Rogue, Priest?  Does this uniquely apply only to "possibly suicidal" offspring?

Or does this sort of thing also apply equally well to those other scenarios?

(e.g. Does damaging trust trump preventing a *Columbine* scenario?) I'm sure the money was a factor. He also waited for the proper medium, and asked them the trump question, "who is Jon Snow's mother?" Apparently they answered to his satisfaction.  Damn Trump is applying the DENNIS system. dude trump has all the value, of course it worked ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗ T U C K  F R U M P ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗ


edit: Trump's actually talking shit. 

"As tough as Reynad acts, when he talks to girls he's still a kid. Oh man, Trump may be a [God](http://i.imgur.com/e5SDiuE.gif).. Or this whole thing is staged.  Rape can still happen in a marriage. Bullshit wedding vows do not trump consent.  GO GET EM ~~TIGER~~ TRUMP  It's still ongoing.

Trump just applied all the steps of the DENNIS system then left the end up to Reynad, but he didn't follow through.

Now Prison Trump is picking up the pieces. I seriously am sad that everyone just spends their time bashing trump like that. Yo holy shit Trump is an alpha god. Trump is doing what Reynad couldn't do... Twice.  Fed regs dont trump state law... the feds only angle here is interstate commerce clause... thats their jurisdiction nothing can trump sips+sjin insanity.  Holy shit, Trump showing Reynad how its done Holy shit Trump is a fucking god

I love that man so much anyone above 20 finds this funny ? because I just can't understand how this is not just flippant. reynad just awkward as usual, trump saying the same thing in different variations... come on Would be better without Reynad's hypocritical commentary. Trump is a strange little man. These are donations to a charity that the likes of Donald Trump donated to. These aren't campaign contributions, aka legal bribes.  The problem is that logical fallacies work SO WELL in real life arguments that they really trump any other tool at your disposal. hahaha wow Trump got game. Actually, federal laws and regulations *do* trump state laws. &gt; Are you sure that isn't "mrs lick trump"?

Damn! Trump went 0 to 100 real quick with that one

 Looks like my face cringing whenever Donald Trump says something stupid. Best bits? This better have a part two because it just kept getting better from there! Trump was killing it! As we've seen time and time again, teamwork and macro strategy can trump individual skill. &gt; As you all know, I'm the mayor of value town, and I like to make sure to visit other streamers especially those of value ... and you seem like someone who has a lot of inherent value 

Goddamn I didn't know Trump was so smooth thats just Trump being a ladykiller  Haha, it always seems like whenever Reynad is getting into some crazy shenanigans Trump is there to make things worse for him. He always comes out on top too. Damn, Trump went in so smooth on this one.  
Good thing Reynad proved his casanova qualities with Lea-... oh.  
  
I'm sorry.
  
 It's okay, we needed to see this side of Trump LOL. Thank you sir :) I'm pretty sure Morber and Trump are fairly cool with each other so this comes across as hilarious to me. I always thought that Trump would be really awkward IRL around the ladies, but he probably gets laid than every other hearthstone streamer combined /r/hearthstone drama is best drama.

I honestly can't tell anymore if Trump was being serious throughout any of this or if he was just master troll 4000 once the reynad call went through. And now you play ye olde trump card. A job well done! Hahaha never cringed so hard in my life. Mad respect to Trump for being a baller. Reynad falls victim to the awkwardness of having a skype call like that on stream. Then, Trump shows him up by OWNING the awkwardness, subverting it.  Gives everyone something to laugh at without it being too personal or uncomfortable.  It's great. why do mineral rights trump everyone else's rights?

(hint: they do not) You know that everyone loves atleast a little bit of awkwardness. Especially when it involves such popular streamers as Trump and Reynad, so yeah, people ( including me ) love these kind of videos. I like to imagine trump shouting "I'm roping! I'm roping!" just before he cums. For people who don't get it, Trump said that Mober makes him feel safe, like a divine shield around the Argent Commander (during the draft). Soon Trump will be the major of smooth town as well.  Rarely did I laugh so hard about a Hearthstone video. Trump such a player. Oh and also relevant to the topic: Trump can also reel in the grills with epic Hearthstone raps - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KN0u0HjfW94 This is surprisingly entertaining. The Trump consulting was a nice touch. I thought trump had much more utter disdain for Obama If you were this girl, Who would you *EKHM* : Trump or Reynad? If you have a stellar Airman without previous disciplinary action then "local policy" doesn't trump AFI... 4 in a 24 month period.... I have newfound respect for Trump after this. I didn't know he had it in him. It's an easy 2 for 1 trade, just look at the value for Trump. And that's not the only trade Trump was making, if y'know what I mean. "Reynad and Trump make a Video on Awkward Love! ft. Drama! Value! People!"

^^^^Sad ^^^^start ^^^^rub ^^^^hole

Trumplings always helps Trump's actual Hearthstone include stream.

^^Ratsmah ^^uncomfortable It's one reason, but far from the most important.

Read this news report for a more important reason: [WTO Ruling on Meat Labels Shows Free Trade Pacts Can Trump [Food] Safety Rules](http://www.democracynow.org/2015/5/19/headlines#5196). MFW Trump is actually a smooth talker and Reynad was just awkward. Not sure there is anything specific with these 3, but Reynad is known for calling hot female streamers and it being super awkward. Trump is known as being awkward, and yet he totally nailed this. They don't trump any rights other than the rights that the land owners voluntarily gave up when they purchased land without mineral rights. How could I forget that!?  
What was trump again? Holy shit Trump was on fire. I read that as Mrs. Lick Trump and thought, "Trump sure picked a winner!" Maybe Prison Trump is the real one. Maybe normal Trump is the fake personality. I had both streams open when this happened it was amazing, was trump actually serious though? I honestly couldn't tell. Damn, and some people think Trump isn't confident. I went into that expecting that this would be an easy victory for Ratsmah, but he got obliterated. I didn't realize Trump had such a dark side. i never would have guessed that trump is such a sexual predator Of course Trump goes for the highest value plays For everyone hating trump got her number so it wasen't just fun and games. Props to Trump for getting the number in style haha... "You know what would look really good on my HTC phone, your number!" Some woman's sensitivity trump everything, I guess.  Never mind that some women like to be complimented.  Or that perhaps men won't *feel* very good being told they're not allowed to talk to a stranger in public. Well, I've only been awake for an hour or two, but so far this is the most head-slammingly stupid thing I've seen so far. 

This shit (wherein "gun rights" trump basic public safety policy in the US) has become a parody of its own insanity. 

 I think you're lying. 

Not about imagining trump cumming, but about having a girlfriend. Disgraced banks? If only the rest of his party had this mindset. Honestly I feel the "foreigners" argument will trump any attempt at sophistication on Hannans part. Despite me not agreeing with him for various other reasons. The first video, and oldest video on Trump's youtube is the ['Prison Trump Plays Hearthstone'](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAYf_9lpzQE) video. I appreciate how even mid-hardcore flirting Trump still stops to spend an entire minute considering volcanic drake vs minibot Javelin's also trump T-90's any day of the week. Good findings this is really helpful.

Also explains why ledge trump to D-Tilt doesn't work anymore thought I was going insane every time it didn't spike lol They all have slightly different schedules, but Trump in particular streams very regularly, 12-6 PST. If you go to Twitch, the most popular live streaming site, you will be able to find Hearthstone streamers LoL. State and federal law trump you and her fee fees. Your comment is invalid. Additionally, my syntax and word choice is often very precise and accurate. Perhaps you and that dictionary should get to know each other better.
 Ugh. Does something obnoxious, makes no attempt to resolve with rp, just demands you accept his roll as some sort of trump card.    

Id shut that shit down. Bluff is not mind control.  Starting Donald Trump as the goblet Bathroom Tip to trump all Bathroom Tips:

Never EVER go in public bathrooms. &gt;i feel like all 3 players in this game were being assholes:

You are not wrong.  I just think death threats backed up with a weapon pointed at you trump everything. With a better title which should trump the rushed earlier deal. I've posted there, like, what, five times, and *that's* your trump card? 

Thanks for the downvotes, peace out.  It's unfortunate she feels her need for attention should trump everyone else who ought to be honored that day. I guess thats true, still would have hoped for some badass action that didnt require one of his trump cards. I have
3 Gene fa
1 Viri fa
4 Yveltal Fa
2 or 3 lysandre fa
lysandre trump fa
jirachi fa
and some more of the other exs 

You want a pic of my collection? Looking for paypal only &gt; When the laws conflict, the law giving greater protection to the disabled is the one honored. 

I'm not sure that's true. Federal law would obviously trump state law, but I've never heard of a situation where 'greater protection' was the criteria.  Forsen is now Rank 11, Trump 9, 9/11 dank memes cant melt steel beams deIlluminati Messing around. I typed in "losers" and it took me to the Donald Trump golf course haha. sheik sheik sheik SHEIK

ftilt and dthrow to upb/uair are both a 50/50 mixup kill setup

ledge trump bair

bouncing fish offstage

sweetspot usmash G-sharp is a trump card, it always wins the game.  How did I twist your words? Give me one example of the Jews or Israel using the holocaust as a trump card when under criticism.   Am I missing it, or is it just a guy picked Trump as his name? Hopefully Donald trump doesn't buy a team and force the league out of the springtime football idea. This is reddit, where thinks and feels trump actual truth and logic.  And /r/frugal really straps on the butthurt when you criticize a place that sells food cheaply.

Thanks for the support though, all both of us can be right now, at least.  I'm pretty sure that trump was doing it on purpose as a joke because everyone expects him to be awkward. I gained a lot of respect for him last night This is what happens when you implement complete deregulation. There's no oversight and multinational corporate interests trump the public interests. It's just the nature of a presidential system. Parties are less relevant than the people who comprise them. In parliamentary systems, the parties trump the people who comprise them. Wait. They're just releasing him from his amateur tryout because the Wings signing him to an ELC trump the tryout, right? The article doesn't specify, but that seems most reasonable. I started the remaining few prereqs at age 26. Totally worth it! I love being a nurse. Hard work and social life did not trump school work. PM me if you want to one on one chat about it. :) At this point Senators Santorum and Graham and Gov. Jindal would be out and Donald Trump and Ben Carson would be in. Glass breaking mostly. I prefer the feel of glass to aluminum,(Leather would trump both though) but the breaking of the glass is just too big of a problem. I do enjoy it when facts trump assumptions 👍 If you work in a customer service role and I come to you, in person, you better not answer your phone to help a different customer. Their lack of effort does not trump me being there. http://imgur.com/2pC7VYt

You can keep lying through your teeth, but well respected shops trump your stupid little facebook bullshit.  Absolutely.  Bracer and Crown trump it on every class, except for maybe a Rogue. The role the God is normally played in already called? No problem, you picked before they called so you trump their call and they have to find a different role I can't trump Yoda and you know that! (runs away crying like a little girl) Yeah...call him a Trump and be done with it. Whatever hack wrote that series just couldn't resist giving Jesus and the other characters new powers whenever the hell he liked. Even a genetic god with the strongest ligaments ever could have one unlucky landing and get seriously injured.

So I'd definitely say luck is the ultimate trump card. True and I know it happens, I just think these guys had solid NCAA tournament appearances which will trump the typical euro risk. I got that too. But it's it really good? Impact bar seems meh. I wonder what could possibly trump hunger, tracking IB and the horn anyway? I'm really glad you posted this, but I don't agree with you.  I think an attractive girl will trump a dude most of the time and that's bullshit. 

I think this is because women need to do less than men to attract attention. Quite a few others, most notably skyline wise, the Trump Tower. They designed 3 of the 4 tallest in Chicago. I never realized how much Bill O'Reily was like Donald Trump until this clip Thanks for getting the thread up, read through it, was fun casting with Savjz.  Happy people are interested in seeing more Trump casts! where is donald trump when you need him? I have the feeling he does have a replacement arm and keeps it hidden as a final trump card.

Imagine fighting him, you are close to winning and suddenly Chidori out of nowhere True, but no matter how corrupt Labor aspire to be, the Tories always Trump them.  Haki doesn't trump DF. It allows you to hit the users, stronger DF + Haki can overwhelm non DF users  Is it just me or is DOBs trying to go for a Donald Trump look with his hair? I thought it was Trump in the banana suit, then I realized I'm a racist bastard. &gt;Juggernaut's "magic" will trump things like science, mystical energies, nature, or the laws of the universe.

[DC writers](http://i.imgur.com/Yd6YTr7.gif) &gt; Do you not believe that special attention should be paid to diversity during the hiring process, to the point where selecting an applicant with perhaps fewer qualifications on paper is occasionally worthwhile?

Fuck. No. Qualifications trump all. The real losers here are the kids, who currently attend PA's excellent schools. But property rights trump all! Nothing will ever trump it. That was not expected!  Experience tells me to respect a man's will.  Regardless of what you do, I am sure you will do great; you are a Donald Trump in the making (in and out of game). &gt;It is a linguistic trump card similar to "gods will"

So just like SJW, then? If he had no rights to live there, absolutely.  Property rights trump your comfort. &gt; federal law is just law. the civil rights act was an act of congress. THOSE trump state laws.

Now, I'm not a lawyer, so I could be wrong, but aren't acts of Congress also called 'laws' (save for resolutions)? While his main game is HS, Trump regularly streams other games. I think he'd be a fun guest, personally. When I saw the title of this video, I was hoping Kripp was going to mention the "game" winning plays Trump used on Morber(sp). When I was feeling down for an extended period a couple of years back I would often conflate malice and stupidity, because sometimes the irrational thought patterns trump the rational when you're in that kind of position. 500,000 Subscribers as in 1,250,00$ Dollar?  
Wow Trump is loaded. "Is gay marriage responsible for the meteor? We have Donald Trump on the line for his opinion..." Lol he does. It's not Donald Trump status. It's a 47ft Post. I'm not usually a braggart but this dude brought it out of me telling me how awful my life must be for posting nudes online. I let my anger get the best of me.  OMG this Trump is genius for picking and playing this awesome Chopin piece.  This was pretty insightful not just for kirby, but for playing against ness as well. That trump trick is really useful, and makes so much sense now that I think about it. Thanks for the awesome video Yeah this guy covered it. Trump National in PV is probably your best bet. Even just thinking about LA traffic makes my blood boil. So glad I live in OC now where there are a ton of super nice public courses all around me. maybe he's just good looking.  Don't beat yourself up, not much you can do about that.  Good looks trump personality every time unless the guy is a complete social retard. &gt;great offense will always trump great defense

*cough cough* 2004 *cough* Turnabout Trump is my favorite, by a mile. He is painting a false and faborable picture of the GOP field by ignoring the fact that Donald Trump is polling high enough to be included if he wanted to be there.  This is so on point. I don't think Russell's shooting ability and fit with Embiid can be understated, to me that's the trump card. Any chance that you can run a cable to the desktop?  A wired connection will ALWAYS trump a wireless one. My point is that if Trump is not a part of the debate it will be becuase he chose not to participate. By the criteria set by the debate hosts he will be eligible. That speaks volumes of the GOP field and their voting base.  My respect from Trump just increased exponentially. Playing piano is huge value As bad as Trump is, I would say that the likes of Fiorina and Carson are worse. Trump has been involved in politics a while, at least. Fiorina has ... well ... um ...
And Carson gave that speech once. Lessons at Trump would be awesome, and definitely make it a lot more attractive of an option to go to. Thanks for all the protips, I'll definitely get a hold of you in July once we get settled in! The only thing Trump has experience in is mindless reality television, going bankrupt, going bankrupt again and going bankrupt *yet again.* I always thought that Pump Shotgun was the icon of the series, and Super Shotgun is just the trump card that lets you stand toe-to-toe with tougher demons? Maybe it's because I pistol-start every level, but I love my shot gun! &lt;3 So if Donald Trump makes no donation he's in the clear? Not necessarily - individual fitness does not trump group fitness, so how you treat your fellow man can influence all our survivals.  Just ask the ants. As I said in another reply I'm running 3 fairy garden, I just forgot to put them on the list. So I have both.

The super potion thing is very interesting, thanks for the info.

I'll need to test more with/without trump card. Assuming at least 10% of the population donated and Donald Trump did not donate, then yes, he lives.  Well, when Gil trump cards would be probably countered by Imagine Breaker, simple sword rain should do the trick. So Donald Trump would survive and Bill Gates would die. Not true though. People, like Donald Trump or the Koch brothers, who always crave more than they have will never be satisfied. &gt;Of course the world understands Israel’s security needs, but arguments of ethics and justice will trump security arguments

I don't think you can have real safety without Ethics and Justice. Wow what a picture to trump all other this is what I did as a kid pictures. We should ask Trump to pay the money that bankruptcy filing saved him. Do you really think so? I can't prove you wrong, but I don't believe that Donald Trump will ever stop wanting more money.

I'm pretty satisfied myself though. And I'm poor compared to the average in my country. Does shooting trump everything else? Is Ricky Rubio worse than Ray Felton? Wall is one of the most complete PGs in the game.  It certainly doesn't trump everything, but I'd say that Klay is a better shooter than Wall is a defender. Besides, as a SG he has different responsibilities on the court, hence his reduced assist numbers.  *Legally* speaking, the NSA's bulk data collection is, and has always been a crime.

No act of congress can trump the fourth amendment. It should have been anonymous, but Light is an idiot.

He effectively sacrificed anonymity to help bait his enemies, but anonymity was his trump card. He was more interested in an egotistical showdown than actually eliminating risk. Yep, its kind of his trump card that he doesn't want to use unless he has to. I think its linked to his eye too as he has the demon sealed in it (We've seen it glow red for dramatic effects before, but i think it has a deeper meaning) Only cricket (and before, field hockey) trump football in India. Same can be asked of Governor Bush, Senator Rubio, or Dr. Paul. 

They asked Hillary this question because she is a woman and expect her to prove hersef to the world.  Most of the Republian candidates have very thin resumes exept maybe donald trump  There is already a problem with some guests not talking. Trump would probably stay silent the whole time. He is very quiet.
 TTGL because the manliest man in me couldn't trump the little girl in me (Cardcaptor Sakura).  Or, Ya know, the friend now has other priorities. And since weddings don't trump babies she's making different decisions than the ones she made previously. What do you suggest she do? Get an abortion? Well, first, a 25% in-flight discount will trump whatever FTF you could pay. Second, I believe there would be no FTF, as you'd be paying in dollars. And third, your US Air card is the Aviator Red now, which waives FTFs. I think that just shows how much demand there is for good hs content on YouTube.  I don't understand why more streamers aren't doing what u do for strife and what trump does. is it just not lucrative enough to be worth their time?  Putting together good videos takes time. Both Trump and Strifecro have dedicated video editors managing their channels for them.  I think he shares some of the views I've seen Trump mention. Trump really dislikes the "mana screw" or the "mana flood" where you draw either too few or too many lands and lose the game because of that. Whether there are more points I don't know. This cannot be up voted enough. 

Your girlfriend has just proven to you that her desires trump yours and she is manipulative enough to do whatever it takes to make it happen. 

You cannot raise children together as a team with someone that selfish.  I LITERALLY CANNOT WIN THESE ARGUMENTS. YOU GUYS HAVE ALL THE TRUMP CARDS.  Business interests trump ethics. Might as well be the GOP motto. I think Perry or Jindal could easily beat Trump and Christie out of those slots. And the amount of units sold is less representative of popularity than projected demand from release schedules? Last I checked theorized demand doesn't trump actual sales figures.  I think the list is pretty solid but I will be shocked if trump is in it. I remember watching that on youtube and clearly remember the header saying it was a placeholder until Trump uploaded the video for his own channel.  so it's a little misleading to throw mud at the OP for that... Love it, just would be paying for a premium tank that includes stuff he'd never use. (sub-ohm coil, rba, cotton, etc.)

Still, ease may trump price.

Thanks for the suggestion, Blue! Yeah but does Hillary have her own board game?  Because I owned the trump board game.  That's not nothing. I don't remember if the powers already came with Blasto's cloning tech, but anyway Bonesaw has a bit of a Trump power, she can tinker with her patients' powers. This could explain how she can induce quite precise trigger events in the clones. I love that people are so amused you picked "Huge" that almost two hours after you said it there were still a steady pace of replies to it as if they could trump ", throbbing tumor on my crotch, *Grandma*" Chopin's Impromptu is such a great song! I love Trump for honing his piano skills again for us :3 Hardly, ISIS want to create an expansionist caliphate across the whole world, don't you think that is a existentialist threat to the khaleejis?

Common sense doesn't trump evidence, claims without evidence are conjecture, hot air. the bit where he offered donald trump $1M to dip his balls in trumps mouth was far funnier I recall Trump winning as Face Hunter vs Gang up Rogue that played 5 Healbots and 3 Deathlords. Goddamn Hunters. The escape rope and trump card are definitely awesome. Im currently also throwing in a Exp Share cause it does so much to save the precious fairy energy. If you are still living with her in any capacity please purchase a voice activated recorder to protect yourself legally.  People of her caliber can trump up battery and abuse charges pretty easily. &gt;  the scarlet letter 

This is highest rated on goodreads.  I would wager if it was based on literary acclaim Moby Dick would trump the Scarlet Letter. How can the county trump federal law? Heh. Yeah, that is an example. Trump played that well and still lost. Great gameplay will always trump great graphics....that is why no one gives a shit about Order 1886 anymore and it was given average reviews.  Corporate citizens always trump real citizens in the "Land of the Free" The honor of WB seems to trump everything in Aces mind for reasons you might understand later(spoilers: there's gonna be a flashback), so even though Akainus taunting was obvious, he could not resist, because that's just his personality. You have nothing to apologize for, she doesn't represent you or the rest of your race. Like Donald trump doesn't represent oranges.  Agreed on all points. Seldom does the movie trump the book, but it did for me on this one.  And yeah, physical barriers...what a concept. Maybe it's different with the Legends version, but I have never had a bad match against Temur Delver. They have their explosive starts but they have a hard time removing Counterbalance preboard and our sideboard options can trump theirs. The trump button we theists use is the supernatural element. I admit there are things I can't comprehend, like eternity or perfection. Being that I only exist within the parameter of time and our imperfect nature.  Why didn't  you say so? Birthday AND new digs? Now i have to figure out how to trump your planned first bottle Get experience in the working world early and as often as possible. Don't chase the $ - try and learn something new everyday. Experience can trump knowledge in many cases. He should just make it a subscriber chat like Day9 and Trump do. Those chats are just fine by me. Is an MS really going to make a difference? I would assume experience would trump a degree every time in this industry. Just curious if you actually heard of that helping. Day9 and Trump have hundreds even thousands of subs watching at the same time. A dozen lifecoach subs just doesn't make for a good chat. I was wondering why he wanted to trump some Koreans with their house.  Donald Trump for president Haha the Reynad and Trump ones are great Yeah, Asian food is a pretty solid trump card for this argument, since most Asians are lactose intolerant, so cheese isn't a big part of any Asian dishes. Who on the list isn't going to run? The only doubt I have is Chris Christie? And some doubt Trump but he has all but signed the papers. I'd be surprised if Trump ran.  He's always been all hat and no cattle as they say, and his birtherism disqualifies him right out of the gate as a serious candidate. I think Trump will become an official candidate within the next 3 weeks. Like I have mentioned before, he has some serious work to convince people he is worthy of the position. He has an impressive resume, but not many people like him. While i agree it is a bit on the 'tarded side since we spew vehicular exhaust everywhere in the packing lot. But you are right and i do agree, private property rights trump the imagined right of vaping outdoors on their property.

 I hate when peiple try to use it as a trump card in arguments, but what's this about listing your privileges for college? Fair point. I forgot that off the cuff responses trump educated ones when online. After America basically watched as a huge ISIS convoy traveled through hundreds of KM of empty desert to kick some SAA ass, I think a very important trump card of his took a big hit. I get Reynad's (hilarious), but what's the trump one in reference to? Can someone explain the trump one to me? These cards were well done, good job OP :) link to the trump reynad and morber thing

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fG4YewfBm2w Same now as before, my imagination. Same reason books trump movies. I agree. I just lost my best piggie Winston a 2 months ago but I still have Mr. Trump who is quite a riot and has a comb over. Cleanliness and fitting in in the locker room. But both are really less of an issue now, and even if they were, I'd think the psychological trauma of performing such an operation on a four-year-old would trump the other worries. You're in the UK. You need to see if UK consumer law applies. Even though Apple will warrant any work for 90 days. Your countries consumer law may trump the 90 days.  One person's statement does not trump the fact that there was no wrestling match with Randallstown on the 13th, and Hae's undelivered note to Don ties the Match to the Interview. Yup! Stay golden, ponyboy. :)

Oh, I blame myself for my own anger. Stress got the best of me - undoubtedly, I've got things to learn as well. You've been there already. That's just one example where your experience and wisdom would trump mine. annoying RP posts trump annoying cantina tracks
 he's a minority owner of the cavs.. so i think his love of money might trump his love of the town he lives in You say you make six figures. That's a lot of money and enough to get out of any situation, unless you're Trump or have a meth habit. Possibly both. Emotionally I agree, no one better than mom for that. Patience in this game is tough to come by as you never know if you might have the greatest night of your life or not. I've learned that waiting usually is the right move as a strong plan can trump the excitement of spontaneity anytime. I feel like Trump is the only streamer I watch who acts 99% like himself; although I don't know enough personal information about other streamers to be totally correct on that judgement Screw trump towers. An fantastic structure but that name cheapens Chicago. Piss off trump.  tl;dr trump was buttering up morberplz for reynad, dropped sick lines, caused an earthquake when every male and female viewer simultaneously dropped their panties. Unless Trump went on a massive loss streak, that is not Trump. It's an easy joke, and the Trump reference doesn't add anything to it, but it's not that bad. &gt;  any evasion techniques for 8chan would work equally well against reddit.

Not true. Reddit has the trump card of simply being able to penalize new accounts and keeping them on a tight spam filter leash. The way this retard's going that just means corporations will be able to trump any state, regional, or local regulations.  Ideally yes but I've been recently reading a bit about WCF due to the recent developments and as it's trump card seems to be using other protocols besides http it seemed fair to mention it so that my post wasn't entirely "MVC is #1 !!!!". TIL Donald Trump is a dick and likes to court publicity. Local politics often trump national.  This could seriously hurt their chances in Ottawa ridings for a long time. I actually played some death match surf the other day with a controller, shit was hilarious. Controller will never trump the good ole KBM.  All but a few elitist clubs will need to adjust or close , the Trump club near me had a $250k joiner fee 8 years ago , now you can negotiate that down to $0 a confident 5.5 might trump a 5, but no amount of confidence in the world will get women fawning over you like they do a straight 10, even if he's an absolute social retard.  Microsoft should have released this years ago. Good things come to those who wait I guess. Tethering seems to trump any LTE capable devices though....enterprises could benefit from this. Made worse by TRUMP being plastered on the side of it facing the river and fucking blinding you when you cross the bridge  Or it's a black family who did it themselves to trump up sympathy, donations etc.  Either a super deep offstage Charge shot, upair &gt; jab &gt; fsmash, or ledge trump bair or reverse Charge shot kill. Why was he on there? He's not funny nor does he have a connection to Trump so why would they even want him? Having a constitution that gives equal rights for all is important. Otherwise you end up with a system that requires referendums like this one. The rules set out in your constitution trump *everything*.  B.S. / B.A.: 4 years.

M.D.: 4 years.

Residency: ~7 years.

Subspecialty: 2+ years onward.

Having hams slowly commit suicide because they think their feelings trump upwards of 20 years of education? Priceless.
 To most people in america emotions trump reality That's a trump card in the pre-google days.  They would simply have the most drunkenly wild and fabulous wedding in existence. The only thing that could trump a gay Irish wedding is a gay *Arab*-Irish wedding, because people wildly firing AK-47's into the air always adds to the craic...  Donald trump isn't a human, he's humanoid. Congrats, you can check that off your bucket list! My best Arena run that I did a few weeks back is 9 wins. My run went downhill after I got queued against Trump in a mirror Mage matchup... You'd think they'd have a decent game library by now, but almost no developer gives a flying fuck about this platform. Hell,  FireTV and even Roku easily trump Chromecast in the available games category.  I hope trump dies in an excruciatingly painful manner. Those are some Trump level hairpieces... It's also a well-known fact that Donald Trump invented tennis shoes and is the leading resource in cancer research. Quit hatin', the man's a hero and his hair is real. Fpr me the positives in the game trump the negatives. But seeing this being a CD projekt red game, a enhanced edition may well be on the way. I'm not the one making the strange assertion that mandatory reporting laws trump a parents role in determining proper legal counsel and direction for their child. This guy raped you and feels incredibly entitled to your body. In his mind, his wants trump your physical boundaries. Please dump him. And if you feel comfortable with it, possibly report him for the rape. Yes, this is how science works.  Your anecdotes trump real measurements. When it came to renown, the Royal Navy would always trump the Army. The French and the Prussians had probably the best armies in the world, certainly in Europe. Donald Trump could donate $1mil and he would still annoy me...  Would probably say - aw fuck there goes our Chinese trump card. Donald Trump is an absolute asshole. He directly attacked Russell Brand, Rosie O'Donnell, Ariana Huffington and many others. Google about the feuds.  Wow that's totally a 1%er prick move right there.  I'm not even sure what I'd do in that situation, can you just declare bankrupcy?  Even if Trump lost, the legal fees of being involved in a lawsuit were probably in the 100's of thousands.  I'd say roon or karador with etb shenanigans. I think trump would love re-usable "battlecries" and just churning out value from a few creatures at a time. Not sure why your opinion on the matter would trump mine. You may know more about ethics and Eastern philosophy, but I have much more education in science than you. I've learned loads watching streamers like Trump and Kripp on Twitch. More than I ever did reading websites! :) I would say it would be Simic with Prime Speaker Zegana. He has the Control of Blue and the love of Card Draw. He can also use and abuse the ETB effects for consistent value with Deadeye Navigator. It has just about everything Trump could desire! I have always done this in the past and aside from being annoyed that I always have to give a million reasons, my mom always plays the "but family!" trump card. At this point I'm so worn down I don't have the energy to fight.  Fuck last pick telling first pick to grab them a champion to trump the pick order.  tsm's hearthstone team is a joke they have krip and trump obviously they are never going to a serious competitive team because they only care about that streaming $$$$$$$$$$$ Hotel Shangri-la is extremely nice, as is the trump towers hotel. The weston harbor castle is also quite nice, and a bit less expensive than the other two.  It's a rather stupid and arbitrary system designed by people who feel that including Section 8 housing in trump tower will "solve" gentrification.

Just cut taxes on poor people and then they can buy shit.  I disagree. Adult people don't trump body autonomy, so if a fetus was seen as a person, it would be irrelevant. I guess it's harder for people who haven't finished or watched F/Z because [F/Z Spoilers](#s "Kiritsugu also uses Avalon's compacting ability as his trump card against Kirei") He's not backing down, I'll use the local law trump card. He'll never know I'm just full of shit. Also, must maintain the use of smilies to exude confidence. the local law trump card haha ;P the last trump card is the "my dad is a policeman and he will get you into prision" - card :D Marth: Ledge trump spike Not really much above gimmicks. Early in the history of hearthstone Trump ran a cho in his zoo and it saw a bit of play by people copying him, but this was way before zoo decks were optimized. It didn't last long It's like Night March on crack with a much bulkier attacker and without a Trump Card weakness. Even if you kill Sky Field it just recycles the Shaymins. Equal rights should trump parenting agreements.  If Chase was a girl, the story would be different.  www.notyourstocut.com/equal-protection Lol, don't defend shitty game design.

Having a fight be impossibly hard unless you have some magic trump card item (that isn't related to the quest in the encounter) is just bad design.  Well the biggest question is, which is better or at what point do resistances trump armor. What's your issue with reality TV stars advocating for political causes then? 

Also Trump is a joke, him running would be the equivalent of Clooney running.  The Trump Card of Christians and Muslims!

Somewhat fittingly, Trump is an s I'd give you gold if I had any. I've been trying to tell people this all the time, but their speed seems to trump all fucks given about quality and taste Where he's standing in front of the principals desk, telling him, "It's not an attitude, it's a fact!"
This T-shirt would trump any *pissing Calvin*.  Great game of Cards Against Humanity evryone. We have a new trump card in the form of "Commisioner Gorden's tight ass" Lived in Maine for a short time. In any other state, cars backing up behind you may make you an asshole. For me, not in Maine. Moose crossing signs trump all. DC gassing Rumble like that is practically the trump card for the Dadbod. I swear I've heard certain conversations, phone calls, and other obnoxious trash on the bus which trump external speakers in annoyance. Headphones are most of the time an absolute necessity on the bus since there usually is a lack of consideration.  Possibly, but the chat would be **insane**, and if Forsen or Reynad decide to troll, it could turn into something hilarious.

Plus the banter between moberplz, Reynad and Trump would be golden Honestly I would not be surprised if RMC did this. And this coaster might actually trump Twisted Colossus even though it just opened. 

Betting that SFMM is gonna remove or retrack Apocalypse next season.  Buff taz'dingo to dagger attack until you lose. Even Trump can't withstand the tremendous value in that play.

I would love to see them build a deck and play it for another video.  I threw in nikki. Because an epic pair Steph will anyways trump a single Nikki every time. And I don't know when I'll get a pair for Nikki anyways. Even if I get a leg fusion brie here it'll still be better than anything I have cook for her

Gifts made with love trump all others

&lt;write that down in your life lessons book&gt;  I feel like we need a Kibler vs. Trump rap battle now. You can message me if you like. I'd be more than happy to explain how "pop" philosophy holds the trump to every card religion has to play. I remember Trump had something like this happen once. [It was on a Lightwarden.](https://youtu.be/y9RylwGKkpk?t=9m8s) Holy shit trump was as smooth as a baby's butt At one time, Trump had 40% of the GOP vote in the polls.  Yes, republicans *are* that dumb. The snosberries guy from Super Troopers is currently motor-boating Christina Hendricks.  This is when I realized that personality and character can definitely trump looks. Hate to break it to you, you being caucasian and foreign would trump your massive nose in SEA.

(I'm assuming you are white......)  There's a difference. SKT can afford to have trump cards. With how OMG performed last split they can't afford to sand bag again. Not saying they should play Lovelin or not but saying they're holding trump cards considering their position is highly unwise I'm definitely not a vegetarian lol. And this doesn't trump his happiness. He hasn't even considered looking at other apartments, which he could easily do.  Well you played the trump card right there ^^ I watched Trump playing Face Hunter and noticed he frequently mulliganed away Knife Juggler, unless the hand already has other 2-drops. 
Is this sound strategy? I don't really understand the rationale.  Because the migrant is willing to work for less money. 

They come from poorer countries with lower standards of living, and are willing to work for less. 

That's their trump card. 

 It's reddit. One-liners trump information.  *Hahahahahahahahahahahaha!*

Oh, wait. You were serious about taking Trump seriously?

***Buahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!*** Found the fatty /s

Seriously, FPH uses that to trump any argument against them. Nice idea, but creative skill will always trump technical no how. I know plenty of incredibly talented creative people with low technical skill. But you'll never meet someone with no creative skill and great technical skill that's revered for their work. Na, Comfortably Numb would trump that If you believe you know something about it, then do an AMA.

Otherwise, like your insistence that "sutras trump Zen Masters", your talk of "kensho" is some religious doctrine and nothing to do with Zen. That's not fair, Trump was a magnate before he decided to have a silly TV show for shits and giggles. If what America lacks is fiscal wisdom and economic prosperity as a nation, Trump might just have some worthwhile advice for us. You trump my falling asleep at a Bon Jovi concert at 10 years old I want to see this happen to Trump or Reynad, just so that we can resupply India with all the salt they need. &gt; It's a privately held company

'Nough said. "Christian" values don't trump the legal system. Stop being asinine. 

 A fair distinction, and you're right, they do. And as we know, those with the most money have the most rights, seeing as theirs trump those of their employees.  Thanks.  Jawn is Jawn.  The West Virginian's would trump up with their inbred Sheetz.  We can't have that. No religious law should trump human rights. One big thing in Alan's favour is that at least he has a genuine fortune and hasn't suffered a string of bankruptcies, unlike self-claimed "billionaire" Donald Trump on the US Apprentice. I like it a lot, actually.  It's fascinating.  Donald Trump once said that he reads autobiographies and such because he  can learn from other peoples mistakes. I did too, but we have the ultimate trump card. Still won 2 of 3. Get better Cardinals. I main Fenrir and honestly Rage + Deathbringer has always been the trump card for me, especially when attacking mages. First thing I get is always Bloodforge, though. Hahaha, my fucking sides. This might trump the winegums poast. That was a huge win for them but it's not a trump card. Rex was 46-50 with the Jets, 4-9 against the Patriots. Perhaps there would have been more playoff showdowns if we didn't eat their lunch in the AFC East every other year.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Z3VYEa4Fu4

watch the Trump vs Chakki series, i dont want to spoil it, but you might like it :D This is what happens when you have a clown car filled with candidates. I think I read somewhere that Donald Trump is still polling near 6th or 7th. I mean wtf GOP?  Yeah, I do. And I'll read about a lot of people -- Trump is controversial. Some people don't like him. Some think he's genius. I like historically significant people's books.  This is perfect. Also if Onaga shows up at the end as the final boss, we got a MK game on our hands that might trump MKX (At least story-wise). Sweet sweet Downtown LA and Skid Row. It's almost not fair to include Skid Row stories in this thread, they're all horribly disgusting trump cards. I miss LA.  Since when is Trump salty It's funny because the republicans have an anti-vaxxer candidate. 

Although to be fair, Donald Trump is less a republican than someone the republicans are just too kind to kick out of the party. Donald Trump needs to step up. Where's his birth certificate??? Sounds like a job for Donald Trump if you ask me.  So what's the general consensus? Should Stannis give up his daughter? 

It's not like she lives the best life...at the same time, it would be interesting to see if he lets power trump family.  I think the biggest obstacle, assuming he ever became available, is that the Lakers could swoop in and use their pick from this year to trump any offer we could come up with.   Being on a worse team is not some kind of universal trump card Well if it trumps your quote it definitely does not trump your fine elaboration of the quote. I love your take on that :)  Epic Rap Battles Of History 

Donald Trump vs. Ebenezer Scrooge Best internet in the world won't trump over 3000 miles of distance to the closest servers. You are not gonna find scene releases on hdt for older films because they do get trumped by internals or p2p with better quality. If you inisist on scenes on older stuff go for torrentleech. General trackers do not trump older scene releases. And I want the amount of money Donald Trump has. I just don't have the time or patience to work and earn it. I want the money NOW.  I've always been told that a chemical exfoliation , especially for my sensitive skin, will always trump manual. As stated I am not a biologist, dermatologist etc. I just gave a general outline to a guy using facial scrub as a cleanser.  I watched Trump playing Face Hunter and noticed he frequently mulliganed away Knife Juggler, unless the hand already has other 2-drops. Is this sound strategy? I don't really understand the rationale.  How dare you call Donald Trump desperate.  I dont understand how clubs and cloth trump swords and armour. Theres just no way baelish didnt have security in his brothels. Theres just no way. You just linked me one shitty article with statistics that barely hold up lol.

This is not your trump card.

EDIT: ninja editing to add more useless info without evidence and vitriol doesn't help your case in the slightest. Guys have we seen her birth certificate yet? 
How do we even know she is American.. 
Donald Trump is going to be all over this! Good thing scientific studies trump individual anecdotes. .. and who cares what Trump says? &gt;women's rights always trumps babies' rights

No, they trump *fetus'* rights. There's a difference.

A baby is a baby once it's been born. Until then, it is a fetus. Falco has kill moves: u-tilt, d-tilt, down-smash, bair/u-air/fair are pretty reliable, while up-smash and f-smash are situational. Falco's ledge trump kills at as low as 80. Results ALWAYS trump intentions.

The road to Hell is paved with good intentions. And yet, Donald Trump is loaded. I don't think one needs to be selfless to be "good", the belief that one should strive towards this to the extent e.g. your mother did seems harmful.   
  
 
&gt; their wants do not trump your needs   
  
  
Well said. I can see why you snapped at the officer.

Basically, "me me me me me me fuck others **ahhh my dad**! My concerns trump everything else fuck your safety." Any of the various Seismitoad decks out there with a Lysandre's Trump Card (or multiple if you're more interested in stomping your friend than making a competitive deck) will beat Night March at least 60:40 I'd say. He's saying that the Dodgers already peed around and in the pool.

*Valentina can trump dog pee when marking territory.* System Trump CCG?  Sorry. I'm glad it's helpful. It's just been said over and over. Any time there is a cycling debate it gets brought up like its some trump card.  So  4 hypno-lazers with virbank, 2 seis, trump card shenanigans and energy destruction, seems pretty solid. Thanks for the input everyone
 Is the supply of 'demented crazy' large enough to feed Huckabee and Trump who both follow the same supreme being? I think sealed records generally trump FOIA requests? If they don't you've managed to seal records in one of the more idiotic manners. Now I'm all confused... 

 If Individuality didn't trump the collective, it would be immoral for us to hold individuals responsible for their actions.  Well they kinda are. I think cynicism will trump gullibility on this one though. The moment Amaz opened the option menu i already knew what was going to happen.

Also, if i remember correctly Trump did the same thing a while ago, but with lethal on the board. I didn't take that as him physically giving her a handsome young man, more making her aware that there was a sizeable Trump card available. I thought that was Lancel? Robin is his trump card eventually  TSM by your rules is 1, considering Trump is only one who plays tournaments. Massan left. 

 I guess, but Lancel did his thing without any input from Littlefinger or Olenna or them using him as a trump card. I have a feeling it isn't Lancel, and might in fact be Olyvar or Robyn Arryn i dont have much of what you asked for :/ all i have are i gallade spirit link 2 dce 1 ultra ball 3 lysandres trump cards and if you want i could throw in other stuff like dobphans and reverse regular landorus from furios fists or some exeggutes I was just looking to take them for CARS since that has not fundamentally changed. For verbal at least, only the new AAMC FL and question packs trump the old AAMC tests. What a letdown. I don't understand why you don't get their trump cards. They're really tough to beat. How perfect would that trump zoo song have been if he was actually playing zoo As much as I'd like to trump up my weight loss to prop up my ginormous ego, losing the weight shouldn't be some congratulated thing. It's part of being a functioning human being.  Have 

* 2 Absol RSK 
* 3 Dimension Valley 
* 1 Gallade Spirit Link 
* 1 Lysandre 
* 1 Lysandre's Trump Card 
* 4 Professor Sycamore 
* 3 VS Seeker 
* 2 DCE 
 To be fair that instance you're referring to didn't happen because Trump made a wrong assumption about how an interaction would play out. It was because he misplayed.  His convenience doesn't trump safety. I just hold up the finger and take my time. Interesting. I know staff on the show have had differing creative opinions before (especially with the PB/Marcy thing) but it's hard to trump word of God.  I'm confused.  You berate him for assuming one thing while you just assume another.  One assumption doesn't just trump another because you say so. Oh no doubt. I think that Q can rally them for a g7 effort especially if they have the momentum going in. It won't be easy, but if we're going into g7 I think Kane will start going into his clutch mode. Experience will trump imo.  I think I've gone through 3-4 of them now, it's a great weapon but overall the base damage on higher level weapons will trump the bonus crit dmg etc. I try to not be smug, but before the kiddo, husband swore that his dark hair would trump the light hair on my side of the family. My son is a mini me with brown eyes instead of blue. It's fantastic. If you haven't yet, watch Trump Teachings until the basics stick

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2KjtRokhpvM&amp;list=PLvEIxIeBRKSjprrvlbAcbVjzHsnH9PjDX It was a graphic display bug back in the day. Trump was actually legend when playing that game, not Rank 1. It has since then been patched out. Eventually the inner peace that you gain through being authentic (finally!), will trump all the tumult with your family, and most will grow to accept the NEW and AUTHENTIC you.  Ahh, yes. The Trump toupee. Definitely wanna stay way from them. I've always liked that fact that a Gold Roger would be a variation on a jolly roger and that a Gold Ace would be like Whitebeard's trump card. No. You're not saying religious rights trump individual rights. You're just saying that believing that there's an invisible man in the sky grants you special rights to collect money and not pay taxes.  Reynoodle is too busy naked mud wrestling trump for  morbers affection in order to complete his quest to know the color of every streamer girls butthole. When there is a big battle coming up, but then someone play's their trump card, or a couple commandos prevent the war from happening. Doesn't necessarily kill the book for me unless it is the climax of the book and I'm just there like = / Resets energies and items on the board, combined with a red card, and trump card, you should be able to put them in a bad position to be able to gain the lead and possibly the win. KRIPP AND TRUMP FOR PRESIDÊNTÉ And that's my biggest pet peeve right there. Having a bad team is not a universal trump card, and if that's the only argument someone can make to say their guy is better...they're probably wrong. no pls dont deny permission bjp cuz he is your trump card Not that I am aware of but in his world its a possibility. some theories: The dragon is in the wall keeping it together, the dragon is under Winterfell, or the White Walkers have it as the trump card. Agreed.  I have a Felwinter's with shot/hammer, but it's not super viable for PvE.  Sword breaker or Found Verdict trump in that category.   People being too flamboyant is an immediate trump that will make me lose interest and it's happened more times than I can remember. Gay dating is rough.  If I didn't know it was Trump giving those answers I would've said he was a troll. G Booster is more for an emergency which is why it requires discarding 2 energy. And VirGen doesn't run any form of energy restoration except for Lysandres Trump Xard which some builds run. He randomly deathwinged trump for the win the other day. OMG they literally asked anyone but not a pros, where's kolento, Strife Cro, MrYagut, Fibonacci, Firebat, Zalae, Neirea...? There're so much good ladder players, but they asked reynad, Trump and even frodan, what a fail. Lol Tyrion's wit and his will to stay alive trump everything in the universe of ASOIF...
I bet Tyrion's bargaining skills could reduce a fully grown dragon to a kitten so education can trump instinct?  Both Wisconsin games that year were excellent games and some of the best days  I had at MSU. I considered this game and the B1G title game vs OSU. 
But the 100th Rose Bowl is the trump card. Perfect  day. *Xenoblade Chronicles*. For 20 years I didn't think anything would trump DKC's "Fear Factory" as my favorite factory theme, but Xenoblade [managed to do it](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p45gdP2OKmU). Yes, but if the Muslim believes the hadiths contain divine truth, then this truth would supersede all, and this truth that claims NT corruption would trump evidence to the contrary.  Dragloon attacks trump Gowipe most of the time anyway. (Personally I'd even say all the time at TH8 but that's a lot of personal preference kicking in) So just do that instead. Gowipe without Golems doesn't work, especially with lv 1 Pekkas.  The state law is going to trump the federal law here unless there is no state law for it. It's like how marijuana is illegal by the federal government but it's legal in Washington and Colorado.  Damn. Yeah and some buildings are obviously more secure than others. Apparently at Trump you can't even sneeze in the lobby without permission from security.  Well. Greece to me, does trump Rome in levels of "Oh that's so cool". But when it comes to Roman history, the Eastern Empire (which included Greece) was far, far more interesting in terms of warfare and how it ended up lasting so long.  Some serial killers consider themselves artists, still doesn't trump the law like, from burning anything at all basically. All smoke is poison, when smoke is your only air you die, period. Unless you have some super power trump card  I still can't figure out what Trump was trying to say there. amen to this, it's like a trump card haha I'm not a big fan of Pulp Fiction, but I see why people love it. Shawshank is great for me, but it's hard to trump Gump for me, it's my favorite movie though so I'm biased. You kind of get a little bit of everything with the movie. How exactly does that trump anything?  You have a right to food and shelter in so much as the Government cannot prevent you from obtaining these things, but you have no right take them from someone else. Because their minds wouldn't have been able to handle the ring. This is not that hard to piece together, I don't know why everyone thinks this is some kind of trump card.  I was drinking out of mason jars before they became popular again. I trump your hip with my country upbringing!  I'm sure all of the players who have put 100s of hours into gameplay trump a couple of "reviewers".

If you are into it, you will rarely go a day without playing... that speaks volumes to me. I think all the Spartan-IIs are conditioned brainwashed to fight for the UNSC. I think the Safety of Earth itself is the only thing that would allow them to essentially trump UNSC protocol/chain of command. I have: 

* 1 Wally

* 3 Lysandre

* 3 Lysandre's Trump Card

* 2 Skyla 

Interested in:

* Mewtwo EX

* Zekrom SR

* Energy Switch (HGSS)

* Plasma Storm Pack
___________________
Lemme know what you think.  Aggressive ballistics over soft ballistics for TLW?  Does the "predictable recoil" trump the range? &gt; "Fame" does not trump a comfortable, wealthy life. 

For you.  You likely aren't a megalomaniac.   Wanna bet how long it takes Trump to join in? Pulp Fiction  - Every piece of that movie just fit so well together.  You ever watch a movie and 5-10 minute scene could trump an entire decade of movies by itself.   Sure, it is gritty.  But if you improve on it, then it loses that cult classic charm.

 &gt;our Zionist media goes - they just won't shut up about it

nailed it.  Australians know it's BS... only the zionists "care" to trump it up. I'm really interested in the tantrums the lapdog media will trump up when they start to realize he stands a chance. Ever see a cornered animal? I speculate that's how it will start. I find that most of the people who tell me about the calculation problem don't understand it themselves. They just carry it around as a trump card for whenever socialist ideas are spoken of, effectively dodging the issue without having to think. Someone start a petition for Trump to shave the sides of his head Exercise typically is not a good vehicle to lose weight. Diet will always trump exercise for weight loss.

&gt; puttin gin calories

The best kind of calories :) For 5) If the defender is on the line does that trump the other criteria? Upper arm incidents on the line seemed to always get whistled with the ref judging if it's a red card based on 1-4. How fortunate that we live in a time where ease and convenience trump the life of the baby (or babies). Pretty sure Magic would flat out trump any physical strength. Unless there's some Marvel lore that states the Hulk isn't effected by arcane magic or the magic arts, I'd think all it would take is a killing curse to kill The Hulk.  ***YEA. FAIR POINT, I SUPPOSE. BUT I HAVE ONE TRUMP CARD...*** I feel like you trump national security over everything. Damn If it was my country committing war crimes (which it has) or anything, national security would not be my primary concern. Easy there Trump  Two of them conspire to murder Trump and bury him out in the woods, where no one will ever find him. They have done this several, several times.  It's a deck Trump made with basic cards in his tutorial vids. I'll tinker around and see what I can work into it thanks! &gt; I'm saying it shouldn't be up to them to decide.

It should be up to YOU, right? Because your morals trump every pregnant woman's? Are you saying this un-ironically. Because I find it ridiculous. I was here when the joke of the year was made. You may trump the former pun champion. I'm rooting for you. http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/cfbkx/im_85_certain_that_there_is_an_adult_actress_in/c0s6bzw  Worse, the girls will pretend to like you their boss and co-workers at the club can trump up your tab and extort money out of you. Laws passed by state and municipality governments trump this act. There's nothing stopping a private citizen from suing a grocery store for donating food - it happens once, and other grocery stores stop donating.  That and pipe in hot air.  I know I saw Trump out there. Buildings arent domino chains, its not like you see one floor go, and then slowly the rest follow. If a building falls, a building is fucking falling, no crazy conpiracy gravity resistant design is going to trump the laws of physics. Wins trump draws. Yeah, well, for it's purpose, it worked like a charm, which is more than I can say for most billboard ads. 

Results trump design any day, man.  Sounds like you have a reusable trump card. 

How does that work with there being one God, one Jesus? Damn you have to be Donald Trump to even apply. Then you still have to pay for the facilities. Steep is an understatement! &gt; Book a free tour of the Rennie Collection

Is that a new condo development?

Rennie: Vancouver's own Trump Chump. Righto then! I have 2 Mex-ex's. How many could I get a set of Vs seeker, 2 Lysandre and a Lysandre trump card for them? Or more even? Sociology probably does trump hard-science when you're looking at sociology. 

Aurugh. 

"The humanities don't make sense to me. I am not educated in the humanities. They must all be wrong." It may trump the "Descart/whores" pun in upvotes simply because there's way more users now, but in my opinion, it doesn't even come CLOSE to the genius of that doube-pun. Related to this there was an hilarious game between Totalbiscuit and I think... Trump were one of them got killed by Malygos+Eye for an Eye. Notice the dead end to your argument?  Happens often here, when feels can't trump facts. Hello fellow Trump Tower worker :D i kinda viewed Casterly Rock like the Trump Tower.... or something like that, Lannisport would be more flowing, like wallstreet.  I would trump you but I'm too lazy to type my explaination Forget about learning kick flips and shit. Just get comfortable on your board and the rest will come eventually.

And remember, "style and grace trump all" You're probably right but Cyttorak's vassal is not Cyttorak, and in any case a demon lord is most powerful in his own realm. Extending that logic, with Earth as one of the Nine Realms, Asgardian magic may trump Cyttorak magic on Earth. To be fair, I don't think they understand most fallacies. They think fallacies are like a trump card where if you slap one down first then you win the debate.  I mean I don't really got much to trump the patriarchy in "SJW-ness" for SJW-haters, maybe just loving jokes that are at the expense of men and white people? Marvel classifies him as an abstract entity from the 616 universe. So yes he is probably weaker than he is in the Crimson, but an abstract would still trump Odin. I'd say who you know will trump all other factors. -pretty much as it is in any industry. So many mediocre acts are famous because they're cousins, offspring or "in the round" with already established names. But Isaac has a trump card. One that makes speed advantage null. The stasis module. It is slow moving yes but it only needs to hit near him, it doesn't require direct hit. And if he *does* get hit, instant game over. Yes we did. Business interests often trump scientific evidence.

As an example, leaded gasoline was approved as safe despite massive evidence lead was dangerous, even in the 1920s. Have you looked at their citations? In local, citation building can trump almost every other form of SEO. Cheers cunt. Was sitting on that trump combo for a while.  Donald Trump said something like, "Luck favors those who work hard."

Sauce: https://youtu.be/hepk_CR42uA?t=4m50s The trumpet section chant...
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMPEEETS 
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMPEEETS Hurt feelings do not trump God's church. Right on. &gt; and Bungie would be ad

Why not have OPish weapons though. If I wanted to play a game that everyone had even weapons and everything was fair I would go play Halo. I don't mind being destroyed by one weapon, if I can also have my own trump card.
 We haven't won one in over 100. I believe that's the ultimate trump card not to mention there was heavy obvious sarcasm.  No you can't seriously read Terry V. Ohio, the Supreme Court has ruled you can't just randomly stop people and Texas law doesn't trump a Supreme Court ruling. Their non-silent judgement of people, especially when they have their own obvious flaws that trump whatever they're complaining about. On a side note, watch Trump Teachings. Just watch it. The reddit rules trump subreddit culture, though. We wouldn't want to see FPC shadowbanned. FIFA runs both cups. You can't protect your brand against yourself. And citing the phrase SJW isn't the trump card to any conversion about sexism. A knuckle tat can trump a face tat depending on what it says.   Almost as stupid as Qatar 2022? Or demanding a knighthood in exchange for voting for England 2018? Or using confederation funds to rent an apartment in Trump Tower for your cats? &gt; Or using confederation funds to rent an apartment in Trump Tower for your cats?

I missed **that** part of the indictment, holy shit. Isn't the Cro-Magnon wing of the GOP already represented by Huckabee, Cruz, Trump and Carson?   For me, personality and character trump both penis size and money. because she is more artifacts oriented and with oloro you can just shove in board wipes, counters, tutors and trump cards with the life gain to keep you in the game till you get your combo/ lock, same can be said for Sen Triplets. Decide if Stacy's feelings trump girlfriend's legitimate concerns. Hint: they don't. 
You need to be firmer with Stacy and stop responding to her.   Yeah according to the judges who ruled on the Highland Park AWB case Feels really do trump reals now.  FIFA rules do not trump criminal law.   All of them. 

Your right to free speech does not trump anyone else's right to free speech. Those who rebut your free speech by disagreeing with you or even by banning you are practicing their own right to free speech.  either way, it wouldn't matter because the guy was wrong. garnett's win shares trump love's in both instances.  I think Trump did that once. But that was even before Naxx.. She tried to go against Kenya during celebrity apprentice. She was no match for Kenya. Kenya hit below the belt all the time and was well spoken in front of Donald Trump when she did it. It was a treat. I thought Dick Fingers were the ultimate trump card? Anytime I've played CAH, Dick Fingers is an automatic win among my friends. I love how whenever Trump attacks with the card he yells out "oops" because of the inherent unreliability of it. Pretty awful pack though, if I do say so myself.  Woman president trump card.  Accuracy and consistency trump distance when it comes time to count the score after 18. I believe state laws trump city ordinances, right? It turns out Lance was Dr. Wily this whole time!

I think the white hair and moustache were a pretty dead giveaway, Mega Man…

Anyways, he uses his collected powers from the 8 Robot Master Gym Leaders to trump Champion Wily's plans! Cats. He's a cat person. He had a whole apartment at the Trump Towers just for his cats. TLDR: State Constitutional Amendments trump Federal legislative acts (which the ban on marijuana is), but not Federal Constitutional Amendments. Why? Tenth Amendment.  Equations trump opinions? 

(Just kidding, I'll TLDR it later) also, donald trump is a bloviating idiot. It ends with Donald Trump taking a piss over his faithful. I don't see why everyone is comparing this idea to items already in the game. Every update doesn't have to trump the previous, it just has to be relevant in some sort of way to make it useful in a certain scenario. guy used to use CONCACAF money to rent an apartment at Trump Tower in New York City where basically his cats lived.  I bet redditors are fucking conflicted about that shit.  But cloned Donald Trump is in charge. But cloned Donald Trump is in charge. Well, the point is being missed that the cops use it as an excuse to detain you, and there after will try their damnest to find something to arrest you on, and if they can't, they can trump up something... even though it might not stick.  Good!  And I don't mean to imply that it's an assumption I always make.  As with anything, we can't let our past experiences trump actual dialogue with people. You;ve been gilded... but you're also in the negative karma...

Gold comments always trump high karma posts... but this is... a paradox! I don't know what to believe anymore!

 The research is  correct. 》 85% dark is good for that, next you will be saying MCT'S and capsaicin don't increase thermogenesis. When does a tertiary source trump a primary source?  At the speed of light flash could clear fifty feet (arbitrary Number) of flames in 1.8 millionths of a second, though he probably wouldn't IC. I think he could trump yama's flames bloodlusted Anyone else think Trump has been doing exceptional in 2015? He's been beating top players and even won an event or 2. I highly recommend watching Trump and StrifeCro. They explain their plays all the way through. You need to learn what cards counter what even for cards you don't own. There are still some great budget decks you can make for most classes. Yeah. It can be done. Trump had a pretty solid library of Free to Play decks. https://sites.google.com/site/trumpdecks/freetoplay Well, you don't care, your boyfriend doesn't care and your ex doesn't care. Your one friend's opinion doesn't really trump that. Just keep it relatively sober and get a room with two beds if you're really all that concerned.  the "safeguards" do not guarantee the PSU won't go to fritz - this is electronics we're talking about, not applied mathematics, components can fail in many different ways; a cascade failure will trump any "safeguards" Sip words: Bribe, fraud, yellow, possession, Sepp, balance, ‪#‎SnapDownHeader‬, Saborio, Keene

Party words: Racketeering, Trump Tower, Coal Miner's Daughter, "110 Million," Bladder, Loretta Lynch,

2 drink- Landon Donovan would have finished that."

:) This month has been so lucrative for Reynad.

- Tinder drama

- Girl drama

- Trump drama I don't watch often, what was Trump drama if I may ask? It's tied into the girl drama. Trump gives dating advice to Reynad and also steals Morber away from him.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cF21yaMKB0 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fG4YewfBm2w TIL Donald Trump is the Punxsutawney Phil of politics.  Hey you forgot to mention College Football, Basketball, and Baseball all trump soccer in terms of viewership and following in the United States. People get arrested all the time for passing jury nullification literature outside courthouses... So yes it works or they wouldn't have to trump up charges against these people. Like I said, there are forces at work which so *fundamentally* influence the mental state of a population that your words: `There is no other treatment. It can't really be argued` do not serve to trump what I've said. WarOwl is essentially the Trump of CS:GO :D Guess they're hoping to pull one more trump card, one last ace in the hole. That someone of Schubert and Koster's "caliber" would defeat Wardell... You know what shallow is?

"Sutras trump Zen Masters".  That's a songhill quote.

He claims he believes it. On a completely unrelated topic to the current one that Nvidia has addressed and made significant improvements in. To the point their open source drivers trump AMD's. That or "I am so stupid I am ignoring the fact that I will probably look like an old leather couch by the time I'm thirty if I keep going at this rate."

You'd think long-term vanity would trump short-term vanity, but nooooooo... Ganon trump to bair Kreygasm The point is that both are not just fashion statements. In both cases political realities trump theoreticals   Which obviously trump state and federal law. And the Constitution. And any delusions we might have about Human Rights. /s Theres a demand there for expensive housing which tends to trump the cheap stuff. Does Drake's blessing trump Based G's curse? But then we remember they're a good tax haven, which for Americans, taxes trump guns. isn't Kitt an Artificial intelligence? I feel a sentient being who is a car would trump a car with a rockets.  Which is likely why he wants to get him more work. Experience can trump talent every time. i dunno if that translates to acting. You can get better, but I feel like you have to have a minimal level of talent.  Including the right to freedom of expression....unless you want to choose what you wear in public, then other people will trump your rights with their rights to dictate what they will allow you to wear. "Paul and Rubio each trail Clinton in head-to-heads by 4 percentage points. She leads Huckabee by 7 points, Walker by 8 points, Christie by 9 points, Bush by 10 points, Cruz by 11 points, and Trump by 18 points." I'm actually excited to see somebody read a perfect ledge trump attempt and get up, turn around and punish it hard. Do it up guys!  Do the Republicans have a trump card waiting in the rafters? Because so far all their candidates seem pretty buffoonish, I can't see any of them going the distance.  A Donald Trumpet solo. \*I guess I'd have to impersonate Donald Trump playing the trumpet...\* Trust me, lunch with an apostate would trump any day of "contacting" or porting (franglais for going door to door). I had too many days of "contacting", where I mostly walked around feeling God's judgement. Lebron simply because of the magnitude of the drought of championships in Cleveland. Warriors is a cool story, but Lebron saying "I'm coming home" and then winning a title would trump the Warriors' story. As a driver of an individually owned, human-driven car: I don't want to be one. It's just that the infrastructure isn't there yet to make my guilt trump the convenience. ledge trump to punish a ledge trump? &gt; Just wanted to add that so far, the most interesting bit to come out of all this (IMO) is that Chuck fucking Blazer had two apartments in Trump Tower overlooking Central Park -- one for him and one for his cats.

Is he a redditor? bo is the truth. if they had hb pass bos throwing stats trump all. #boknows It's more useful to have a boss that I have a trump card against than a new boss.  Homophobia is trump card She's 24. And MK isn't really a big deal in the states anymore. But I've seen some really nice Anne Klein, Rebecca minkoff, Cole haan and ivanka trump handbags. I'm just not sure how much they're liked in the u.k Oh well. I'm kind of glad sheik can't kill early with ledge trump bair anyway. &gt; trump card

[Well...](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/18/politics/donald-trump-2016-elections-exploratory-committee/) It's not that you didn't ship down. If you didn't wanna ship down then we have no issue with that. It's when you say you will ship down and then don't that causes the issue. I don't really see the appeal in that but I guess dank kills trump all. You can't make baseless claims. The majority of white people I interact with are extremely concerned about police brutality. Feels don't trump facts I agree he's full of shit, but someone said a while back (and it's gaining ground) that it was likely intentional.

A nasty, mean thing for now, which is intentionally more accessible once the cap is raised.

I agree that fun mechanics trump all though.  Love how the top comment says that bug fixing should trump something as monumental as this.  

There's always gonna be bugs - but there were NEVER women in these games.  Let's just celebrate here. &gt;Two articles trump years of libertarianism Rules and contracts trump misperceptions.  Yeah, it might trump the kid :) Try America at the Trump Hotel. &gt; Skill is supposed to trump brute in our sport   

Yes, in a fist fight or against an untrained opponent.  
This is BJJ competition we're talking about... so the smaller fighter is not going to have the BJJ advantage.  I would, especially if you've leveled him up - Char specific weapon and Realm Synergy is going to trump PalaCecil's SB. You may need extra healing/defense at anima, but that should make getting to him significantly easier.  Can we agree that the prosecutor would have enough of a case to put this to trial? And that any legal fees would trump everything you're trying to accomplish by trying to take advantage of this situation?

Also, this is just a dumb thing to do? I don't think enough people ask themselves this question. People let their prejudices and beliefs trump other peoples rights and happiness. Game play should always trump realism though. Have the trees grow back, but make it take a decent amount of time. Sounds like you found a trump card. Play it.

I'd sue for  the small claims court maximum and then see if the judge will instead award triple damages (1800ish) I myself am very ambitious but I have a long san francisco commute and when I get home my wife wants my time. Some of us have other priorities that trump ambition, like family. I would rather have a happy marriage than get rich and famous.  Just because something is in a contract doesn't mean it's legally enforceable.  Laws trump contracts. Now that we have this out of the way...

A Trump duck Remember when Trump sent agents to Hawaii to research Obama's history, and he announced that they had found 'something' but wouldn't reveal what? He just kept telling the press "we'll see what happens."

It's close now. I can feel it. kek when shit like half price maxes comes into play, the skill gap is so small that there's no difference between a coordinated bunch of shitters, and a coordinated bunch of above average players. Numbers trump all. They arrested Chuck Blazer in Manhattan while he was riding his Rascal back to Trump Towers.  Don't take arena seriously, it's the YOLO RNG mode where games are decided primarily on how lucky your draft was.  Watch the pros, guys like trump will draft a deck and then be able to accurately predict the number of wins without playing a single game.  That druid deck in the first game of the Trump video would be a lot better with Emperor Thaurissan. Kinda want to try that now... Oh I had a want, but that want didn't trump eating dinner with my family instead of in front of a screen. Trying to find a raid that starts after 7pm PST is impossible. **Any time this shit happens, just tell them you're pre-op trans.**

They'll suspect you're lying, but they can't prove it. It's the ultimate beat-them-at-their-own-game trump card. Man, I sure hope to see Donald Trump at tonight's game 7!

-no person, ever scp 56 wins all rounds. any strength, speed, durability or powers he gains is completely irrelevant when you're facing someone that can trump everything you have. The media's love of shitstorms might trump their love of feminism. You never know! Have a $500 dollar wedding then. Use someone's backyard and put out some hot dogs. If marriage is important I would think the ceremony and vows trump spending $5k on frivolities. Pretend to take a phone call every couple of minutes and just say "BUY!!" or "SELL!!" or "I'm busy right now, but tell Trump to stop being such a pussy." Oh, I get what you're saying. I have to disagree and say that a better team would use the bubble for other situations besides overtime (e.g., blessing of light before a rush) but having a trump card / panic button is so enticing.  I just ordered a similar holster called the Trump Card from Pistol Wear. Very similar to the kangaroo carry, but has more options and protects the gun from sweat more. Can't comment on how well it works, but it's something to look at. The multiplayer is extremely fun, although it has changed a lot over the years...

For the best experience, play with friends. Playing as a team will always trump in the multiplayer. Weird to see a Birther using Morgan Spurlock's name.  Wouldn't Donald Trump be a more appropriate hero?

 Have you called them Barves? That's the trump card. I'd easily trump you, but I'm very anti-spoiler and don't want to use the anime ones, which are the best ones.

Let's call this a draw, for your own sake. Wow, someone's been really spamming them downvotes lol.

Tbh Trump Card seems more useful than Energy Retrieval. It shuffles your energy back into your deck for Xerneas to fetch. Also, have you tried Exp.Share? No one will believe me but I suggested this to trump in chat the first time it was mentioned. Profits don't trump human abuses of this magnitude. Your best bet is to watch people like Trump and Kripp stream, or watch some of their videos to learn as much as you can.

The only way to learn from playing, is to play arena itself really.  It's a totally different beast! I agree with you but that doesn't change the fact that experience doesn't trump degree when it comes to computer science fields. Pretty much, as long it is allowed by the lease (which it almost assuredly would not be, because that person would then be considered a resident).

Op's legal rights over his home trump the shit over his roomates being uncomfortable with his girlfriend.  There is definitely a number games played element. 

When Trump was making fresh accounts and gunning for legend with decks he built over the month, it took him nearly 200 games to get there... and Trump is an outstanding player. I have those down :) Watched all the Trump teachings. People have or commended trump but I feel that ratsmah is better for learning how to play in arena.  His arena coaching sessions are especially helpful.  Went from a 4 win avg to a 7 after watching his vids More interesting is that Donald trump only trails the leading candidate by 5 points.  What has this country or at least Fox viewers degraded into?  You don't get it this person is poor, has feels..... that's the motherfucking privilege trump card.   You can not have an opinion.   Yup. The understanding of God will always trump the understanding of men. "Hold my beer and watch this" in Trump form. Wonderful. Just wait. Someone will self-diagnose as being in a persistent vegetative state when they need an oppression trump card.  Those sound pretty bad but idk wouldn't him killing his earth 2 self recently trump those? It sounds like some laws trump others. Man, what I would give to see Trump in the primary debate. Oh god, you just started a comment by saying Trump is a self made billionaire, which is pretty much like starting a conversation by saying "As an advocate for the anti-vaccination movement..."
 Why the hell do they take Donald Trump seriously... Oh yes, connections trump everything, absolutely. Why would you wish Donald Trump dead? Thanks for being honest! I would guess clothing or hair might trump body type for a lot of guys. Got trump taj reserved. Planned on going to all clubs and casinos. Jitney is a bus i heard. Goes to borgata and harrahs right? Donald Trump led the polls in the run-up to the 2014 Republican primary for a period of time... I call bollocks on this, this is typical damage control in a situation like this. Trump has too big of an ego to let others be in control of his verified account.  Fiorina and Trump are not going to be President. They're just not. Stop giving them the attention. All they do is make money from it. Ugh how selfish of her. Unsupportive parents are the worst. The only advice I have is to press on regardless of her issues. Her happiness should not in any way trump your own or have any effect on how you go about your life. I wish you the best. Some people think Jeb Bush or Donald Trump is the best America could come up with? This is amazing to me. Well in Australia we have our own Donald Trump in our parliament - Clive Palmer.  At least he hasn't been elected (yet). They had to fit Trump in there though! Besides all that, the New Republic's best trump card backfired and had an effect of "kill a bunch of them, but exterminate the fleet of our only ally in the process". I hadn't realized that Trump was running again. I'm really hoping that Donald Trump doesn't make it past the second debate. No, this just reinforces in their kidtarded brains that children are a trump card. #Donnie Trump &amp; The Social Experiment - Surf

Now on itunes for FREE That's Sunny Isles. From left to right: Trump Royale, Trump Palace, and Trump International.  Sunny Isles. Trump building #372910048 Did they have the person who designs IRS forms come up with the tournament advancement formula?  

How does a win not trump number of goals? In the US, once a child exists, its rights trump those of both of its parents. Men and women are treated the same (legally) with respect to their children.  &gt;You are the Donald Trump of India.  How do you feel about that?

&gt;... I'm not yet anywhere near bankrupcy.

Just give it a few years, bud. yea, but its worth pointing out, not saying its like a big trump or anything (a spell like fireball will do nothing, but a curse of some sort should affect him)

its another weapon in his arsenal to make it closer to possible. Well I define winning by my opponent not being able to respond or they walk away. I was slowly losing an argument so I decided to pull out my trump card. And when I mean trump card, I whip out my dick. They sure walked away real quick. Would you be happy if Donald Trump could cast one million votes in the presidential election? The Muslim boys are wrong for the same reason a bakery refusing to bake a cake for a gay couple due to religious beliefs is wrong. Civil rights should ***always*** and ***absolutely*** trump religious rights, no exceptions. I don't see anything wrong with this post. At this point in American history, articles like this are the epitome of this subreddit's name. Would it be any different if the article was "Donald Trump wants to lower taxes if elected President?"  5 points is a lot when the top person is so low.

Hell, I trail Donald Trump by less than 10 points. Why does your one anonymous opinion trump the anonymous opinions of many others making similar group membership claims? But that is reality, instead of fighting that just use it.  Kids will always be a trump card when most people have kids...unfortunately. Shallow tends to trump anything else so you may want to focus on that. Yeah, ridiculous to you. Not to those you're belittling. It'd be really fun if Donald Trump had a million votes alone. How about Kanye having about 30k. That's parity to you right?  The only think I can imagine to trump a dragon would be Bran. Maybe a kraken (if those are real, Varys does give reports of one though)? Exactly. Donald Trump should have more votes because he's much better economy wise. Or Kanye music and economy wise. Or Senators because politics wise. This shit has opened the gates for all the clueless bigots on /r/soccer.  Just the split-second thought of Donald Trump becoming president was enough to make me vomit in my mouth a little. You think Donald Trump as more of a shot than Rand Paul? And here is our reminder for the day that looks always trump talent...and hard work...and anything else really. And yet Donald fucking Trump in there.  My country is such a joke sometimes. Call me Donald Trump  And that's the trump anthem. I don't think Trump should be shown either.  Only the candidates with 10% on that picture should be shown - the rest have no shot. Compassion doesn't need to trump reality to be factored into solutions. Sadly, politics trump policy. A NDPer can sell a socialist austerity and Conservative a libertarian universal healthcare  That's a pretty specific little story you've worked up to trump decades of journalistic ethical standards. A lot of free-to-everyone venues serving booze for free these days are they? Bigger, stronger, faster, doesn't mean more skilled.  They're not fighting bears here, they're playing tennis, which skill is the trump card.  Honestly, only a coward would hide behind this excuse in tennis.   Your constitutional right to protest doesn't trump my right to go where I want to fucking go. Don't block traffic like a self important piece of shit.  It's not an instant win, but it's a very good trump card in an already good matchup. I don't think we're entitled to them, as the title suggests. It would be nice to  have them but I can live without them. Especially because the books will almost always trump the movie. My bitching aside, really good customer service will trump (reasonable) price differences. As you can probably see from the main page, people get upset when stores don't know what they're doing.

Edit* got rid of complaints. :) Yea that all us true, I just went to trump because he's another person known for being a rich businessman &gt;Your constitutional right to protest doesn't trump my right to go where I want to fucking go.

Honestly it's just traffic. Get over yourself and accept the fact that shit happens.  Unless they're in public, which they were. Their religion doesn't trump rules that everyone else has to follow.  If they don't want to follow the rules they're welcome to form their own league, or forfeit and lose. Play hardcore where accuracy and range trump damage and too high of a fire rate is overkill as well as a liability at a distance. Anyone can choose Trump as their battletag.  As a conservatarian this is my holdout against pipelines.  Property rights should trump corporate interests all the time.  I dislike eminent domain &gt; They cant, Flash exists to trump all. He either imprisons XXX in the speedforce or hits them with Infinite mass punch before they realize Flash was even there.

As many do, you're drastically overselling the Flash. Nope. Human rights trump that shit. And out comes the racist trump card yet again. How in the hell does a guy with a trident trump a sea witch who can turn mermaids into people? That isn't a hole... He's a god over all the seas. I would hope he could trump a little sea witch. It's complete nonsense.  A bachelors and work experience trump a masters every time.

A masters doesn't teach anything "real world" like in-depth knowledge (except for specific subdomains like ML or AI), and definitely doesn't teach design experience. Dude... Climbing with flaps?? Energy retention in a climb is the one trump card the Jug has!!  Depends on your mood, sometimes People Under The Stairs would trump it for me.  Sounds fun.   So things like Half Nelson Nelson Mandela and Donald Trump Card.  Coming up with the questions would be more difficult for sure. Why did they pay so much money? Is it because Donald Trump owned Affliction?  Littlefinger straight up tells Sansa a few episodes later "I saw your sister, she's alive" so he definitely recognised her. He just kept that information away from Tywin, probably as a trump card.  Huh? The coincidence or not doesn't matter.  Just because it is or is not a coincidence doesn't trump the fact that crimes have been committed.

Why are you insisting the focus should be on coincidences instead of actual crimes??? A little late here, but I think the notoriety that would come with taking down the executives of FIFA, and the amount that the government will receive in fines and seizures, may trump any bribes these guys can make.  The lockouts trump any financial groth IMO. Fuck Bettman. Goodell is close, but Bettman is worse. Unions aren't the problem. Laws trump contracts. If we make it law that police need insurance, all the unions can do is cry about it. Either. More interested in their personality. A woman could be very physically attractive, but if she is a shitty person that's gonna Trump her looks.  Sure they are ablilities used as trump cards by writers, but its something every writer does..they OP teh guy they are currently writing.   Oh I'd love that it is also why I'd be all for Donald trump got president his plan for that is fool proof  News Flash: **Dogs trump Teddy Bears.** *Cats still don't care.* The Fathers of the church defintely trump other Christians' experiences. They're Saints-we arent. I can safely trust they know better than I. DONALD TRUMP MIGHT BE RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT. LET THAT SINK IN. Haha the guy on the right on trump was smelling his butt.. Also, the ace of spades is considered to be the trump card (spades being the highest suit and ace the highest value) in a lot of card games.  Why? Steve Jobs was a total douchebag. You might as well get a Donald Trump one.  If Donald trump was Ronald the rapist I think the media would be all over that Search on the interwebz for guides like trumps teachings. Copy the basic decks that trump made. And have fun, its a game. U do not need to spend money to be good, nor is this game p2w Nope. You gotta respect her wishes. I she wants no contact your "not wanting to move on" doesn't trump that.  [Harvey Updyke Jr.](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Auburn_Tigers_football#Toomer.27s_Corner) is a trump card in this discussion. [Alabama](#f/alabama)-[Auburn](#f/auburn) has to get serious consideration.  My trump card is when I show them my driver's license photo when I was 50 lbs heavier, and astound them how different I looked.  One does trump the other. What do you think the courts would say?  I don't even get why people want to trump others about how shitty their lives are. Like, if someone else is having a shitty time, isn't that supposed to be comforting to yourself? EULA does not trump law, btw.  And is the president of The Planetary Society. (Just wanted to trump his resume a bit more) After hearing all these stories I'm adding a pink nail file to my edc in case I need to stab myself after a physical altercation with a women. I think being stabbed will trump anything she has to say. Dunno, I wish I'd seen some :( 

I just keep it on hand as the ultimate trump card for FPH whackos. "slim and toned" */has the musculature of a banana* I put the sacred ash in there just to get more pokemon from the discard if needed. Do you think I should replace that with a lysandre's trump card? Or would revive/max revive be a better option?
Oh right..Expanded..i forgot about that LOL Don't forget the *spätzle*, just reading the comments below is enough trump them to top priority... Well at least he had that right.  Spears trump swords which trump axes which trump spears. Why does his fiancé's family's wishes trump your brother's? This is horrible. How do people treat those they love like this? Wow, Walcott preferred over Giroud. What other trump card Arsene is holding? How do axes trump spears? Well the whole point is winning a ring, having more than 1 doesn't really trump having 1 in the context that Shaq is using it. The government didn't demand it, Donald Trump and Orly Taitz did. The government was happy with the legally sufficient documentation Obama already produced. The last console cycle was great because they debuted as high end pcs, they were legit powerful, but time marched on and they stood frozen. The 360 days will go down fondly alongside the snes days (nothing can trump the NES days for 6 year old me).  &gt;Like when Donald Trump pretends he doesn't like wind turbines because of bird strikes.

I don't think birds are organized enough to protest wind turbines.


 You think the wage gap is a trump card? Why? I think Donald Trump is the answer to this question. If they're blacklisting you for a year, what point is there in showing up for the 3 hours? It's not great, but you've got a new job that's a much better opportunity for you. 3 hours of inconvenience shouldn't trump a possible career-changing move. Didn't he go bankrupt? Nice to see Donald Trump can be emulated. Everybody says education is a priority, but in reality taxes trump all other issues. That's just not the case man. Fox's mobility and giant shine trump lasers Still waiting for the movie to trump Happy Gilmore. I don't know how strict people are about triggers, but I think anybody that triggers directly from a Cape gets a trump rating. Just something to think about. An unexpected ledge trump can win games, and put fear into your opponent about staying on the ledge.  It took me forever to learn though. Not the ledge trumping itself, but following it up with a back air. i got the best trump card: Vernon Wells Don't remember my worst hand, but none of these trump [LSV's sketchy keep](http://youtu.be/yIjJ_qWKgbM) with Vintage Remora at 11:46. Well, I guess luck and skill does lead to victory. Cops are going to trump allegations up, so they look like the aren't as bad at there job as they actually are. Get caught with an oz of weed they are going to make it sound like you are el chapo.  Hm. I will look into that. Thanks for bringing it to my attention.

EDIT: so I looked into it and it appears that while trump shards only come from triggers involving other capes, not every trigger that involves a cape gives a trump shard.  Having all my dreams and ambitions come true. Everyone is giving answers like death, cancer, and war, and sure those are bad too, but no longer having anything to live for would trump all of those in my opinion. Some provisos:

Strategy may often trump physical power or presence.

Collective action may often overturns individual endeavor.

A trigger (technology) may often better training. Don't know why you were down voted  

It's like the geniuses on Facebook who view Donald Trump as an economic powerhouse...  Yeah, that bothers me too. I guess the excuse is that these kinds of laws were necessary right after the war. But now, generations later, freedom of speech should trump them. Then again Germany's defamation laws are also too restrictive for my liking. This is fucking absurd. The other team should have played or forfeit. Religion should not trump gender, that's just fucked. Otter also did a series with Trump where he taught him how to play Freeze Mage by walking him through games. Super informative. Check it out here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PYd8sGt5PY&amp;list=PLvEIxIeBRKSif2p45ekh9Fs68ewX3ZH-G /rage
/stopped reading

My solution would be violence.  And a shop-vac to clean the floor of the remains.

*Wood chippers trump everything.  -- Rufus, Supernatural* What else is there as important as the Patriot Act that must be considered by Sunday night? Unless there's a vote for a declaration of war with North Korea, I can't imagine anything that would trump extinguishing the NSA.  Donald Trump is a top GOP contender for President, in the top ten.  He is also a Birther.  Unless you can point to a Dem who is equally high up who has called Bush 'functionally retarded' I'll let my comment stand. Amen, Sir. 

And I absolutely still consider you a youthful-warrior. Youthful in energy, passion and ambition will always trump a birth-certificate. I understand. But why in this specific context? Why does the right to play futbol trump the right to religious freedom? I do recall Trump using it to good effect in his Countermeasures Enabled deck a while back. Jack's predictive/manipulative power works based on shards, nobody from outside of the Worm universe has shard-based powers so I don't think he'd be able to weasel his way out that way. Same story for Hatchet Face and most other Trump powers in Worm.  Give me a bow, three arrow, a sharp rock, and a crack at Donald Trump and I'll be the next reality TV star.  Great Value lightbulbs. Trump would be proud. One time Donald Trump was about to fire somebody.  Then they cut to Obama announcing Osama Bin Laden had been killed.  Nobody ever got to see who got fired that night. I agree both those goals were great, but this one has to trump them both. In a cagey affair, to get past as many as he did, in a cup final against a fantastic squad, doesn't get much better than that. Legal doesn't trump all.

He is 16 and still reliant on his family.  It's not always black and white.  Yeah you'd win your case but you'd screw him over in the process. maybe Trump should get the nomination then. The disturbing thing about this is that Jaime Trump actually kinda looks like Donald Trump. Face and all.  And at that point it's no longer a trump card, since everyone has it(well, everyone that matters anyways) so you need to train real hard to unlock the second level, which is almost entirely the same thing, but everyone freaks out over it. Oh of course Lion turtles trump all. It used to take me an hour to get one single feed worth of breastmilk when pumping. Some women can't pump at all. 

I can't really understand why other peoples discomfort should trump a babies need to eat.  Donald Trump is a top GOP contender for President, in the top ten. He is also a Birther. Unless you can point to a Dem who is equally high up who has called Bush 'functionally retarded' I'll let my comment stand. VERY cool- but that Trump tower is an abomination- Chicagoans really hate that building that's other side of the same coin - if something works 10% of time and you get rekt by it, well, you have to recognize it, that you are that 1 in 10 that lost. not great feeling, but as Trump says - variance. i dont know how any other album could trump it as my #1 That direct reference to the rules that are relevant to the discussion at hand is a bullshit technicality, dude. My unfounded assumptions and feels trump your bullshit shilly citations. Trump didn't but Herman Caine and huckabee both polled well at certain times, huckabee can win some states. Trump got attention because he said crazy things and is a media draw to start with.  I went 19 to 1 yesterday with the facehunter Trump used on stream a while back. This is a nice casting duo. Day9 to bring the fun and Trump to bring the knowledge. Day9 the funny guy and Trump the straight guy. Prepare yourselves! Nothing you say negates the simple truth; as of this moment Donald Trump is a top tier GOP candidate for President as per the GOP voters who answered the poll and FOX News which announced who would be on the podium. Nothing you say negates the simple truth; as of this moment Donald Trump is a top tier GOP candidate for President as per the GOP voters who answered the poll and FOX News which announced who would be on the podium. Nothing you say negates the simple truth; as of this moment Donald Trump is a top tier GOP candidate for President as per the GOP voters who answered the poll and FOX News which announced who would be on the podium. The one thing on par with this is Trump running into a guy named TuckFrump on ladder. That was golden. We all are in agreement on one thing, though. Dead parents is the trump card. This keeps distracting me from all the other work I'm doing today! I think I'm okay with it though. :D Day[9] and Trump together are awesome! They are killing it as a team. Day9 brings the obvious silly, while Trump has the dry humor and game knowledge. Imagine Donald Trump on the other side of a glory hole Move that dope

Fuck up some commas

Up like trump 

No flex zone

My X

No type

Get TF out of my face

Are some others that get me turnt up like hell  It's like when trump played the crab when murlocs where popular in the meta. It was truly brilliant when he played it but would it truly be strong in any other future situation? I came out of that hating Donald trump even more, which I didn't think was possible. Wow. You're right. You got me. What a trump card play. I guess you can boil thousands of years of tradition, history, and experience to that. Well done. the thrown weapon nerfs are good.

How does that stack up to spells? or are mages meant to trump archers in this case? "Fallout 4/TES VI Multiplayer" should trump Fallout 4 on the list for 4 shots, IMO. I want the new games to be multiplayer.  Hold on ...  If it has 7 BILLION in assets, why are there any orphans anywhere that need ANYTHING?  Why is that 7 billion sitting there?  Build a Trump Tower in every major city in the world, feed them and educate them all! Again just the science wars hurting good science thanks political activists letting feels trump facts. 